Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.75.100 with SMTP id b4csp137145ldw;
        Fri, 1 Aug 2014 11:26:32 -0700 (PDT)
X-Received: by 10.52.5.201 with SMTP id u9mr4139216vdu.85.1406917591539;
        Fri, 01 Aug 2014 11:26:31 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-64297886-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta.email.thinkgeek.com (mta.email.thinkgeek.com. [66.231.88.32])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id mk1si8352386igb.10.2014.08.01.11.26.30
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Fri, 01 Aug 2014 11:26:31 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-64297886-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) client-ip=66.231.88.32;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-64297886-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-64297886-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com
Received: by mta.email.thinkgeek.com id hrfdte163hsi for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Fri, 1 Aug 2014 12:08:12 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-64297886-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: ThinkGeek sings, "Ooga-Chaka Ooga-Ooga, Ooga-Chaka..."
Date: Fri, 01 Aug 2014 12:08:09 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe4d1274776d03757d12-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe4d1274776d03757d12-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_64297886
Message-ID: <63ba04fb-4373-444e-986e-2be83b2ee928@xtinmta1177.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="6us4lYFpxH9i=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--6us4lYFpxH9i=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Allow us to Marvel for a moment

It's a good day to be a Marvel fan. We have <em>Guardians of the
Galaxy</em>, of course, and today's the cover date anniversary of
Spider-Man's debut in <em>Amazing Fantasy #15</em> back in 1962.
(We're glad it wasn't still called <em>Amazing Adult
Fantasy</em>, because that's just creepy.) AND we got Deadpool
footage, that isn't really Deadpool footage. It's just
proof-of-concept. STILL. B-A-N-A-N-A-S. 


Guardians of the Galaxy Loot ####################################

All the things!

Guardians of the Galaxy hits movie theaters today! So, to
celebrate what looks like a fantastic film (and some of our
favorite comic book characters), we've found all the super keen
GotD we could find. And we offer it all to you! If you need to
drink, we've got you covered with an 18 oz travel cup and a 20 oz
mug! If you're literally hungry for Guardians of the Galaxy (or
want to sneak in candy), there's the lunchbox for you (like you
had when you were a kid after traveling in time to the future).
If your desk is lonely and empty, we've got some adorable vinyl
Pop! figures and tiny-dorable blind box Pop! figures. The
Guardians of the Galaxy are ready to guard your lunch, your
liquids, and your desk!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ff96ce30a7c2a9fe730fca02e2b6efa1fba53801c9381c2a


20% off orders $50+ #############################################
25% off orders $100+
30% off orders $150+

You take the blue pill, the sale ends. You wake up with a
ThinkGeek box on your doorstep. You take the red pill, you stay
in Wonderland, and we show you how deep the sale goes. You take
the green pill, and you save more than you should. You break the
system entirely. 

Use code CHOIDUJOUR until 11:59pm ET 8/3/14. 

Down the rabbit hole:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906fa4c12531f6291f80c942dfb4a459c0eeea2ebdf778d30c7


What's New(s)! ##################################################

TravelBoy Backpack - Carry your memories

WARNING: This bag may induce uncontrollable fits of nostalgia
among people who were kids in the 80s. Symptoms include glossy
eyes, faint smiles, inability to pay attention to the world
around you, and rambling on and on about high scores. If you have
any of these symptoms, immediately put down the bag, sit on your
couch, and fire up your nearest gaming console, iPad, or
smartphone. There's only one cure and it's more
<strike>cowbell</strike> gaming.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19068d0154401d01b2707629442a6142d7e7ad93107d2b64b315


Star Trek Borg Cube Fridge - Chill out, Borg!

The Borg like things just so. That's why, when they assimilate
you, you become part of their hive mind. They also like their
cold things to remain cold and their warm things to remain warm.
Adapting some technology from a collegiate space station, the
Borg starting adding these Cube Fridges to their alcoves. The
Borg Cube Fridge has a cold setting and a warm setting and comes
with two different power options: 110V AC (for use in the home
cube) or 12V DC (for use in sphere travel ship). Plus, the Borg
Cube Fridge has light up green panels behind the Borg bits to
look even more awesome and intimidating wherever you decide to
put yours. Assimilate your food into your Borg Cube Fridge to
make sure it's the perfect temperature for first contact... with
your mouth!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e45614b2f833ad85a650c9dc6265cb742b825594514a4687


Doctor Who 3-Piece Bath Towel Set - Even a Time Lord needs a
towel

Hurtling through space and time can get messy. That's why all
intergalactic travelers know where their towels are, like this
Doctor Who 3-Piece Bath Towel Set that is not yet but in the
future will be on your towel rack. In TARDIS blue, this bath
towel, hand towel, and washcloth each feature an embroidered
black satin stripe that reads "Police Public Call Box," just like
the top of the TARDIS. Just make sure you swing by your bathroom
and grab one of these towels before you hitch a ride with any
intergalactic strangers. Best to be prepared.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906122f898149912375c3b98c6c684fe6d723705626dcc9e35c


Adventure Time Journals - For your own algebraic adventures

What time is it? It's Writing Time! For your lengthy memoirs and
dreams and fan fiction, there's the Adventure Time Finn & Jake
Journal. The front looks like Finn and Jake have smushed their
faces up to look at you, while the back features a stunning view
of the Tree Fort. For your smaller notes, song lyric concepts, or
sightings of the waving snail, there's our Exclusive Mini BMO
Journal. This one looks like BMO and has an elastic closure and
built-in bookmark. Both notebooks have lined pages for making
your sentences more parallel to each other. Record your time in
the Land of Ooo in style with these two journals. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906b6e59418c66e19a67deccf6c4bcef7bce88cef580c17b7aa
100


Leaf On The Wind Key Chain-Pendant - Watch us soar!

Sometimes life throws hard things at you - sometimes all at once.
It is during these times you need to take a breath and remember
that when the wind blows you, little leaf, no matter what
happens... you're soaring! Wash knew this, and the crew of
Serenity would have been lost without him. Each bronze-finished
metal leaf has a tiny, pewter-finished metal Serenity on it. It's
the smallest Serenity made (so far)! Use it as a keychain or,
with tools of your own, remove the keychain and wear it as a
pendant. A black cord necklace is included, or just hook it on to
any necklace you already own. Let the words of Wash sweep through
you and challenge you, when life tries to blow you asunder, to
see how high and far you can fly!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190686f9f66782beb9b1134a5991f02d838aef6199928e748a64


Big Bang Theory Monopoly - Bazinga!

Monopoly isn't really a game about property, it's a game about
testing the strength and endurance of friendships. It's a
psychology experiment on how those with power treat and money
treat those without. Though some people thing psychology isn't as
good as the other sciences - like physics. Those people tend to
be named Sheldon. How ironic, then, that this classic property
game has been mashed up with everything Sheldon holds dear.
Community Chest and Chance cards are transformed into Roommate
Agreement and Fortune Cookie cards. But best of all, the metal
playing pieces cement this as an instant classic for BBT fans:
Leonard's Glasses, Sheldon's Couch Spot, Howard's Space Helmet,
Raj's Dog Cinnamon, Penny's Wine Glass, Amy's Tiara, and
Bernadette's Microscope!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19067437b339d851c9b1a5e896470ab8f12d8f2817f7e7e90ad2


Bravest Warriors Messenger Bag - For carrying your bread

Jelly Kid is a crazy dude. He keeps making bread for us, and
eventually we had to find a good place to put it (because it's
too tasty to go to waste and the Space Chickens can only eat so
much). That's when we found this awesome Bravest Warriors
Messenger Bag. It's got a padded laptop sleeve and a massive main
pocket (with a removable Tech Panel, which holds your junk with
criss-crossing elastic straps). There's even a back pocket which
holds backpack straps, so you can convert this messenger bag into
a backpack. And the cover features all your favorite main
characters, with a rubbery Catbug just for fun. But be on the
lookout for the Emotion Lord - we hear he's hiding somewhere in
the bag! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906000928fcfa74b1bd46c74525b7519acb39050090bd7a6be4


DIY Nixie Tube Clock Kit - Enjoy the warm orange glow

Nixie tubes are the LEDs of yesteryear and proudly displayed
their digits on scientific equipment, voltmeters, counters, and
control panels. While they're no longer in production, we've
managed to scrounge up some limited edition DIY sets that let you
build your own Nixie Tube Clock. You'll need a few skillz to put
it together, but if you can wield a soldering iron and read a
schematic, you're in business.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063e26bdbf252cb6423f59c5aa4c7bc2fe3f9da7b03a3f82e7


11th Doctor Sonic Screwdriver Cufflinks - Off the cuff

Seeing these made us wonder: did any of the Doctors wear
cufflinks? Right off the bat, our money was on Pertwee. He was
just too dashing NOT to have worn them. And Matt Smith wore them.
They worked with the bow tie. (And are also cool now.) It looks
like Capaldi will be wearing them. And now you! What do you mean
you're not the good Doctor? Are you sure? We've seen you
traveling through time and space. Huh. Now that you mention it,
we've only seen you in the present and the past, and we've only
run across you on Earth. So far. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19061c7695c7c58d809110beb8b53cdedeededcac77bb50d8629


Aftershokz Bluez 2 - Wireless Bone Conduction Headphones

It's been proven that music increases productivity. Your brain
enters a state where you relax - where a slight shift of your
consciousness muzzles your internal critic, allowing ideas to
flow freely. In a work environment, though, headphones are
required. Trouble is, once you turn on, you tune out. Nobody can
talk to you with those things on. These Aftershokz Bluez 2 leave
your ears open while directing sound waves through your cheek and
jaw to your cochlea, bypassing your eardrum entirely. No more
playing dumb when your boss tries to get your attention, darn it!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c24a8e0e7c5ef34394348a49253b3e780a048445d056a6d3


NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet - THE tablet for gamers

The NVIDIA SHIELD tablet is built to be brilliant with the
perfect mix of power, portability, and performance.  Its NVIDIA
Tegra K1 mobile processor taps into the same Kepler architecture
that drives the world's most extreme gaming PCs. This is the
first mobile processor to run Unreal Engine 4, Epic's latest game
engine! Plus, it features NVIDIA GameStream technology that lets
you take PC gaming everywhere. Unbelievable graphics and audio
make every song, music, game, and podcast incredibly crisp and
clear. If you are a gamer, this is the tablet you dream about,
desire, and deserve. You're welcome. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e7ac397f92b37e4139a6bdb1518b94d55575d915a9c18568


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906db3247da98765e229e0e537cc89edd021301d104b5bb5b1c

Breaking Bad 18in Teddy Bear
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906178007f08abb4eb047c2601db5e11f5443334444dad4080b

Vocaloid - Hatsune Miku Vinyl Pop Figure
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906da5e7f4e1ddf8a81a700537cf296e1e587b4920337693ec5

Totoro Coin Purse
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ca3fa20f7c1700f2821a65ea2b131e69dbbd9d717e596677

Doctor Who K-9 Talking Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906b26859e057d631af60ab04a3c09769adf8b1ad08b59766d4

Poo Pourri Master Crapsman Gift Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906cbe739071ca7c64ea1b910f1b2de345c04cec02ba0492b85

Star Trek 365
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19064c305810509a6df3f8f05d229dc9bef0502bd0675092778e

Gumball Machine Fishbowl
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c97a032f3268ece1add488fab0219e99023be846c5f70fb4

Skyrim Dragonborn Statue
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19061a3a6a1a7b1c7b405162ec8c668c39a51e4b259ce9b33cc1

IN1 Multi-Tool Utility Case For Galaxy S5
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063df92059bef4da973c2cce7270f86f3c706a7cfd744b13f3

New Apparel! ####################################################

Minimal Guardians in a Minimal Galaxy
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19060d12c0e24224ce9e1d33aafec37112560553903f4396d43b

ThinkGeek Exclusive Guardians of the Galaxy Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906cfdd4a07c5cad9286b9a7f51a7c4a17f2c96d0fb2bf1574c

Blam! Murdered You
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062a42696f16670b74854175511f4c3d2a29e593a4782ec63c

Autobot Logo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a780547f20b1ae1de2d8f908546ce03ac7c4947f10c7dcdb

Decepticon Logo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a3b5c713d831d3efa75e8ca007951d4b0d94dbf00c82696b

People That Annoy Me
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19069a764b154ed44567da59548936358282b97bf87fa84359e9

People for the Ethical Treatment of Zombies
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190633b215a764a4ed537fc23dbc9ecf27cce0032569002a26c0

The Girl Who Waited Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906950151ad79733db6c0b3e09debfa742f47d229b0f56c099b

Bioshock Infinite
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e52ba8212d86e41f33affe01909635a96dd6bc4bb2fd0e76

Doctor Who?
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190653d652a8b0209c408e1d912d1a3ae28565013f7db8c25531

Despicable Me Kids' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c028a4ef0b5cad582a5eb2945c6e3155e3378f373d992fbd

Hello Sweetie Relaxed-Fit Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19065d9c755c383c0dc8a52c86844731de2eca3051991b6d8451

Ray Donovan Fite Club
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19069a9bb338f82bea3d841ba9cb75c6f79d064de316467e52e0

Dalek Frenzy
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d3296b37f6d37f43d4a7cc8c75f82fca45760eaf2587476b

Dalek Frenzy Ladies' Relaxed-Fit Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d86cf29d475e3a1bd4fec1ce7cbbaab44ac53274a2241bcd

Hydra Glow-In-The-Dark Plus Size Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d6586bd811203ca845fb3553483c1aca4451ef41e5f7ff55

Weeping Angels Plus Size V-neck Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a65a17d74120d2becfd2b4cf8f7d2ef8ea0689fd4d4fae60

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

ThinkGeek Beach Boy Towel - 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190693a9e6fe03899853231863d9d5f1efac1940271d29544714

Minecraft Sheet Magnets - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a38a3ebaf0c8ea605203d984d491804b7852a672d8570ef9

Star Trek U.S.S. Enterprise D Pizza Cutter - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190684ac005deb42b53d60d16dedb450c752c5e6d059952e9025

Kaos Cyclops Water Balloon Launcher - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d5cec52849b883078cdfb1703ad708ccebf3c81f5d65bb91

PocketStrings Portable Guitar Practice Tool - 33% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063694c12f91990db15484bb5ab421eda504ba9c9547745781

Power Symbol Glow in the Dark Mug - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906f1746aa5f6dd3347112fa5fdfd0ed91dbff1eda58cf08272

R/C Quadcopter - 17% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ab294627cd7daa8dfa24258ebd132c00c0259942d457c25b

Star Wars R2-D2 Inflatable R/C - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c10b899916b39a01bd6d2d5f558b66d2053a817cb822a509


Bring Your Geekling to Work Day @ TG HQ! ########################

Have you heard of Take Your Child to Work Day? We decided to
observe our own special day to bring our wee monkeys into the
office. Appropriately called Bring Your Geekling to Work Day, our
mini-mes toured the office, played with giant bubbles (featured
in a video!) and made costumes for their own personal Timmy. Not
to mention playing with all kinds of toys during their own Action
Shot photoshoot!

Costumes for Timmy:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19067fca7c2b4b74f1a304fb889d6b1a7a954be11ea1bdf2c1ee

Action Shots:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19066bd296a04c1b005052782e5a0bd8dbaac3869f12bfddcf69

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Dominic L. from
Norfolk, U.K.! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Recharging":

In an android's sleep
Sparking fluffy quadrupeds
Jump fences and graze

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906957915b151914cb737f542edb48b55c7764c093c4e6cbe1e

Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190670ae3dd6ac814efa659f874d99c674d853901bb062cffd22

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190647f15a358ac9c6e9620d46873a88a045e70429d3d6f1aab3

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906364df1adee68c48aceeec5449eaf9365aa7e61d60b08035e

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ade79866486854ec94c38e960edd1a3335f10647f5b85c11

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a209f173390141a8a3ba7642f800058058a37c17a8b421a1

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190615e1fb17dca42f6d169a48e5b8ff6cf09a4e91d707486e01

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063dcc76812672f641a5e918e0bb75c308a40e4c5607adc3c4

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d3bf7e4e18c209a913f5d35fe2a43528e119709edde7dd83

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190637d549f373f190b5bda683cf70ff6a012954406a8f19933f

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19061cb6002a4249220891492f8e21a0aeebdff74a62d1c27dcc

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd62af01c3ae3f55a5114b94365829709bf19464aeb865fa794

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd6130104f0687a6a2b5934151180ad5a43809c56b7792d53da

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd6dc54aead6b60790b8d8e7e7ddde5fcf647012c2adc4e232f

OMGWTFUN! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd6900a8cb0ccb2b75a6452a5514fbd2ed6586b8edabda84096

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd659cb189331c27dd9c4e5c62ee1cc7e2e28e6c387e1f27c74

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd635373946aa6e7b4150ffafedb0e15055d34021e8ffd1ccd2 *
About returns or order info --> orders@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=6bdbd809f79cddd60cc1c70aa4ca22259929fe049b232625648fbd2f4d6eb334

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063dcc76812672f641a5e918e0bb75c308a40e4c5607adc3c4 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--6us4lYFpxH9i=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe4d1274776d03757d12-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10039" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">We can't stop this feeling.</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906192fd477ea5afede15573da7f6865ce0b7ae49bbc4b59121" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906192fd477ea5afede15573da7f6865ce0b7ae49bbc4b59121" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063c0071455999fc6f67e54f3df96575fce18d399694b38348" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #c1c1c1 !important; vertical-align: bottom; margin: 0px -20px 5px 0px; padding: 0px;" valign="bottom" class="news">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-timmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; margin-bottom: -9px; padding: 0px;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190610f92317e7bf6c37eacc18d2e09d4df8c5910442688dd567" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19069658e0de149fbae63ef7b5760712cd8e0c90be98bfa423cf" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19064fd9aef85f76b1e2a2dc4b00769fe79d08955c6ba79174ba" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19069be5e5f3ef27baa7ee820c1de560fef2ddea58b1595e465f" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19068b9ef8dae43899f56bfdff14b2c5ed272584eb908b843a9a" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>ON SALE</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
			<!--Featured Section-->
			<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190622d2bfc2f7f18d4aedba9eb361b3b91bf6a484cdb4e3e3f3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-08-01-gotg.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Guardians of the Galaxy Loot" title="All the things!" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 5px 0px;" /></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ccf18768411ee63191404915805187d4231acc3cff5257a2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-08-01-tiered.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="20% off orders $50+, 25% off orders $100+, 30% off orders $150+" title="Use code CHOIDUJOUR until 11:59pm ET 8/3/14" class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Allow us to Marvel for a moment</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">It's a good day to be a <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062c43b89ba95d2a9bbea1fa842ff1ed0817297591859f2a92" style="color: #134b65;" >Marvel fan</a>. We have <em>Guardians of the Galaxy</em>, of course, and today's the cover date anniversary of Spider-Man's debut in <em>Amazing Fantasy #15</em> back in 1962. (We're glad it wasn't still called <em>Amazing Adult Fantasy</em>, because that's just creepy.) AND we got Deadpool footage, that isn't really Deadpool footage. It's just proof-of-concept. STILL. B-A-N-A-N-A-S. </p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c9a3cb4e3ab0c043e2ff9b6f77471daff21d5485e3a2af2a" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >TravelBoy Backpack - Carry your memories</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906f68074a6a9ccc5d014299597d0b27e4c0014198052f79033" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/19be_travel_boy_backpack.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see TravelBoy Backpack - Carry your memories" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">WARNING: This bag may induce uncontrollable fits of nostalgia among people who were kids in the 80s. Symptoms include glossy eyes, faint smiles, inability to pay attention to the world around you, and rambling on and on about high scores. If you have any of these symptoms, immediately put down the bag, sit on your couch, and fire up your nearest gaming console, iPad, or smartphone. There's only one cure and it's more <strike>cowbell</strike> gaming.</p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906fdfc09ff2e0106819e2fc5e8b61d2ca1a3da8f82c5bec66e" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Trek Borg Cube Fridge - Chill out, Borg!</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190641a023c9020d5e4bb4477d7110fd08e8039a1fb339a31625" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1cb0_borg_cube_fridge.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Trek Borg Cube Fridge - Chill out, Borg!" width="130" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The Borg like things just so. That's why, when they assimilate you, you become part of their hive mind. They also like their cold things to remain cold and their warm things to remain warm. Adapting some technology from a collegiate space station, the Borg starting adding these Cube Fridges to their alcoves. The Borg Cube Fridge has a cold setting and a warm setting and comes with two different power options: 110V AC (for use in the home cube) or 12V DC (for use in sphere travel ship). Plus, the Borg Cube Fridge has light up green panels behind the Borg bits to look even more awesome and intimidating wherever
 you decide to put yours. Assimilate your food into your Borg Cube Fridge to make sure it's the perfect temperature for first contact... with your mouth!</p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906b0db94158b1b70a0ec5601af598b985d67d35f5a90003473" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Doctor Who 3-Piece Bath Towel Set - Even a Time Lord needs a towel</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190644843461a4be4e363e414993298a4a50665efda769af9e25" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/19f9_doctor_who_3_pc_bath_towel_set.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Doctor Who 3-Piece Bath Towel Set - Even a Time Lord needs a towel" width="130" height="94" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Hurtling through space and time can get messy. That's why all intergalactic travelers know where their towels are, like this Doctor Who 3-Piece Bath Towel Set that is not yet but in the future will be on your towel rack. In TARDIS blue, this bath towel, hand towel, and washcloth each feature an embroidered black satin stripe that reads "Police Public Call Box," just like the top of the TARDIS. Just make sure you swing by your bathroom and grab one of these towels before you hitch a ride with any intergalactic strangers. Best to be prepared.</p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906fed7b4705fd6d90252ee24b82f75115a169e568e5a6fe60d" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Adventure Time Journals - For your own algebraic adventures</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063ed8ed525a77330e5f95472781f242a84b810f0187232f00" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-08-01-atsmall.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Adventure Time Journals - For your own algebraic adventures" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">What time is it? It's Writing Time! For your lengthy memoirs and dreams and fan fiction, there's the Adventure Time Finn & Jake Journal. The front looks like Finn and Jake have smushed their faces up to look at you, while the back features a stunning view of the Tree Fort. For your smaller notes, song lyric concepts, or sightings of the waving snail, there's our Exclusive Mini BMO Journal. This one looks like BMO and has an elastic closure and built-in bookmark. Both notebooks have lined pages for making your sentences more parallel to each other. Record your time in the Land of Ooo in style with these two
 journals.</p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906dc099e9c7baa8b5ad3bf048ed1050418f00f889645a02c97" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Leaf On The Wind Key Chain-Pendant - Watch us soar!</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063e1eba4c36e0eb7896afdeef78030dac22a3bea6317ff55b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1a83_leaf_on_wind_keychain_pendant.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Leaf On The Wind Key Chain-Pendant - Watch us soar!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Sometimes life throws hard things at you - sometimes all at once. It is during these times you need to take a breath and remember that when the wind blows you, little leaf, no matter what happens... you're soaring! Wash knew this, and the crew of Serenity would have been lost without him. Each bronze-finished metal leaf has a tiny, pewter-finished metal Serenity on it. It's the smallest Serenity made (so far)! Use it as a keychain or, with tools of your own, remove the keychain and wear it as a pendant. A black cord necklace is included, or just hook it on to any necklace you already own. Let the words of Wash
 sweep through you and challenge you, when life tries to blow you asunder, to see how high and far you can fly!</p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190690657206647d86600f9e60b2900bc68d6911c91d32b14db6" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Big Bang Theory Monopoly - Bazinga!</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e05919250d4c22bfcb7bdd0f25f0aaf935b0d782371e33fd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1be7_big_bang_theory_monopoly.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Big Bang Theory Monopoly - Bazinga!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Monopoly isn't really a game about property, it's a game about testing the strength and endurance of friendships. It's a psychology experiment on how those with power treat and money treat those without. Though some people thing psychology isn't as good as the other sciences - like physics. Those people tend to be named Sheldon. How ironic, then, that this classic property game has been mashed up with everything Sheldon holds dear. Community Chest and Chance cards are transformed into Roommate Agreement and Fortune Cookie cards. But best of all, the metal playing pieces cement this as an instant classic for BBT
 fans: Leonard's Glasses, Sheldon's Couch Spot, Howard's Space Helmet, Raj's Dog Cinnamon, Penny's Wine Glass, Amy's Tiara, and Bernadette's Microscope!</p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19066d86e1e0f5f739e5cd6ca47d11b7040476779d058e8dd3c6" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Bravest Warriors Messenger Bag - For carrying your bread</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ba46c12847b041e47c2c8c60e8cedf178f6612502f0c2b13" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1943_bravest_warriors_messenger_bag.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Bravest Warriors Messenger Bag - For carrying your bread" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Jelly Kid is a crazy dude. He keeps making bread for us, and eventually we had to find a good place to put it (because it's too tasty to go to waste and the Space Chickens can only eat so much). That's when we found this awesome Bravest Warriors Messenger Bag. It's got a padded laptop sleeve and a massive main pocket (with a removable Tech Panel, which holds your junk with criss-crossing elastic straps). There's even a back pocket which holds backpack straps, so you can convert this messenger bag into a backpack. And the cover features all your favorite main characters, with a rubbery Catbug just for fun. But be
 on the lookout for the Emotion Lord - we hear he's hiding somewhere in the bag!</p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906bbdbd54978775659a5d3c0ba2d893a144432789c72105cb4" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >DIY Nixie Tube Clock Kit - Enjoy the warm orange glow</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906913d77c20461a3398813a55133d01e5056de74ed0e7219c8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1615_nixie_tube_clock.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see DIY Nixie Tube Clock Kit - Enjoy the warm orange glow" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Nixie tubes are the LEDs of yesteryear and proudly displayed their digits on scientific equipment, voltmeters, counters, and control panels. While they're no longer in production, we've managed to scrounge up some limited edition DIY sets that let you build your own Nixie Tube Clock. You'll need a few skillz to put it together, but if you can wield a soldering iron and read a schematic, you're in business.</p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190600c8de06b7ce53c6ff890cdcc74b19b970d516e328622330" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >11th Doctor Sonic Screwdriver Cufflinks - Off the cuff</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906cb0d9ee7bcd8adb2ee15319a05bd8c6d8f2c364d484cb273" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1d12_dw_cufflink_10th_doctor_sonic.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see 11th Doctor Sonic Screwdriver Cufflinks - Off the cuff" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Seeing these made us wonder: did any of the Doctors wear cufflinks? Right off the bat, our money was on Pertwee. He was just too dashing NOT to have worn them. And Matt Smith wore them. They worked with the bow tie. (And are also cool now.) It looks like Capaldi will be wearing them. And now you! What do you mean you're not the good Doctor? Are you sure? We've seen you traveling through time and space. Huh. Now that you mention it, we've only seen you in the present and the past, and we've only run across you on Earth. So far.</p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ff34e748079b3d0a518990bb21da6f053d63773f83d5fccb" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Aftershokz Bluez 2 - Wireless Bone Conduction Headphones</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19069182605023d48e6ad4c359435b91169e098dc11e10cee458" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1f54_aftershokz_wireless_bone_conduction_headphones.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Aftershokz Bluez 2 - Wireless Bone Conduction Headphones" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">It's been proven that music increases productivity. Your brain enters a state where you relax - where a slight shift of your consciousness muzzles your internal critic, allowing ideas to flow freely. In a work environment, though, headphones are required. Trouble is, once you turn on, you tune out. Nobody can talk to you with those things on. These Aftershokz Bluez 2 leave your ears open while directing sound waves through your cheek and jaw to your cochlea, bypassing your eardrum entirely. No more playing dumb when your boss tries to get your attention, darn it!</p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d8cc8a6e7cec742236c2f85c243985e772b5f1a288e525ed" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet - THE tablet for gamers</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19061d5ed70dacd3b0e30a88f4790ccd4f02bae651e30b90291d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/20a3_nvidia_shield_tablet_front_flat.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet - THE tablet for gamers" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The NVIDIA SHIELD tablet is built to be brilliant with the perfect mix of power, portability, and performance.  Its NVIDIA Tegra K1 mobile processor taps into the same Kepler architecture that drives the world's most extreme gaming PCs. This is the first mobile processor to run Unreal Engine 4, Epic's latest game engine! Plus, it features NVIDIA GameStream technology that lets you take PC gaming everywhere. Unbelievable graphics and audio make every song, music, game, and podcast incredibly crisp and clear. If you are a gamer, this is the tablet you dream about, desire, and deserve. You're welcome.
</p>										</td>
				</tr>		

				</table>	

		<!-- NEW SHIRTS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">			
			<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190673c9374f54e432975195642cfefdba277c827a84a80f982d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f87_minimal_guardians_in_a_minimal_galaxy_mb.jpg" alt="Minimal Guardians in a Minimal Galaxy" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c00500b8a3d8d032c58bc06d67dc0a76c2c67afb3d7902c7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minimal Guardians in a Minimal Galaxy</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062fefd7bcfea3c534237077225eea92bb352a8aa823b32fdb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2045_guardians_of_the_galaxy_ladies_tee.jpg" alt="ThinkGeek Exclusive Guardians of the Galaxy Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906b041963fcaae2e0ff2e7f147b033c321722551c9cd0ce43c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>ThinkGeek Exclusive Guardians of the Galaxy Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190612e24d566175940b00de4b9b3e22f68687326419866eac0b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f85_blam_murdered_you_mb.jpg" alt="Blam! Murdered You" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062a26ef1970e58c8cf3c8a0e3da5d190bfe70cbc8e3123d90"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Blam! Murdered You</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190612f17bfe5b21d8ba1852a36a4605f2d0ed930cb42a8bab13" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dbb_autobot_logo_mb.jpg" alt="Autobot Logo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190686695d3a45eee02fd1681c9858390232d7b6e463ac9b3470"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Autobot Logo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190633419c6355f60b8b2b121379c71e3e73e7010e624e4b2bdf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dbc_decepticon_logo_mb.jpg" alt="Decepticon Logo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e24b1a5b1584288b17683f67f2ccf06da046cc161fd8e6d9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Decepticon Logo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190636d8b2ae0e1e79762c81ea3836cad8c1b2598c7c4e4a4606" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e8c_people_that_annoy_me_mb.jpg" alt="People That Annoy Me" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062772129ddf58dd264ba51688df5d5849eeeb04fcebdebba7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>People That Annoy Me</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906bad8dc8ce9228b0e0555b04fb4f51fdd8ed31f86f2247777" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e51e_people_for_the_ethical_treatment_of_zombies_mb.jpg" alt="People for the Ethical Treatment of Zombies" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19069f7d7dbd0381c62ae7531c1c1edb5e476b9f40a0aaedb4f6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>People for the Ethical Treatment of Zombies</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906629434277408997f5f0aef6881e0d1f0e6eb4eeeb1f115f3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e32_the_girl_who_waited_ladies_mb.jpg" alt="The Girl Who Waited Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906af066585623c260b06baae60f79515a83d47b3b7ad19b736"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Girl Who Waited Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063dc3b4f60e497085f2cdf5f3e4d11b111f6a78d0656f43f4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dfb_bioshock_infinite_mb.jpg" alt="Bioshock Infinite" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a0587836b131973c085c1782bfcc7911c1eaf38cb9f043c5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bioshock Infinite</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906297ec2c9145aba79a012cd36874b1ab5def3b2fa62cb347f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1deb_doctor_who_mb.jpg" alt="Doctor Who?" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e9d56b68dc417bf9bbda4b4ecac164249436c3049e1c5c77"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who?</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190646a7ffb9abc1d9c65d67f27fd55152b179c4cca1aa90adc3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ce9_despicable_me_kids_tee_mb.jpg" alt="Despicable Me Kids' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906fc6b487220f81373163e73888254ce2533c025230e6976e4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Despicable Me Kids' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906828d41d679a557ed7169d3f0461099fab5848dd33440fe24" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1df7_hello_sweetie_relaxed_fit_ladies_tee.jpg" alt="Hello Sweetie Relaxed-Fit Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906668aecea3fd65390d9b6201e5876c208486728dd3430023f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hello Sweetie Relaxed-Fit Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906a5c862b6ff8e4a66f5795f27986d25fa66d3cc535dcc14a3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f2f_ray_donovan_fite_club_mb.jpg" alt="Ray Donovan Fite Club" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063dee1d6641fcc112cd1af4b3f66413830afd800005cabb20"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Ray Donovan Fite Club</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ed91f8a25d6bb4affe56ea7c57d28d5000ef398f6367a852" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dca_dalek_frenzy_mb.jpg" alt="Dalek Frenzy" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19067df9d466b6f6e99fd9d5896409c608381f81c67b3b78c036"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dalek Frenzy</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190648e80ff7e5bac7221548399df8527246bdae6048fcf5654b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dcb_dalek_frenzy_ladies_relaxed_fit_tee.jpg" alt="Dalek Frenzy Ladies' Relaxed-Fit Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190649ccfc0a9a85a756685b45674438722d7205ccff99fe425e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dalek Frenzy Ladies' Relaxed-Fit Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190619e11746a50a69145fa531c9e0ade8ce317a0c2298eebf29" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ed2_shield_hidden_hydra_plus_size_tee.gif" alt="Hydra Glow-In-The-Dark Plus Size Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190629e879868a140f119fc6d96b201c1dcdb767d062584ac4ee"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hydra Glow-In-The-Dark Plus Size Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906bfc1faeb62a42994557aa5ca005895528f6a79a46c0633bd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ebb_weeping_angels_plus_size_vneck_back.jpg" alt="Weeping Angels Plus Size V-neck Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19066bff83d85a2c031095a0c5f5100978a5c6560303ed315116"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Weeping Angels Plus Size V-neck Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906751941fde69ac51a3c33eefeda75e190781c08aec1842413" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b8b_breaking_bad_18in_teddy_bear.jpg" alt="Breaking Bad 18in Teddy Bear" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063f0814e9a1c649482344b330ab5e77cfff0cbae89b309719"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Breaking Bad 18in Teddy Bear</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19064e864eba4483e62e74e1c7715eafbec7e6365d4d4f327d00" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d72_pop_anime_vocaloid_hatsune_miku.jpg" alt="Vocaloid - Hatsune Miku Vinyl Pop Figure" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906f558c107e3dcff9f619a4707d04ffdc1af8003d8718acdfa"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Vocaloid - Hatsune Miku Vinyl Pop Figure</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906cbe3ebcdf5395418b02805a12b1962536404018d6fbb6e2b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fca_totoro_coin_purse.jpg" alt="Totoro Coin Purse" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ea70aa75d28222fa2350a8d421e94bfdc49104a60beba121"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Totoro Coin Purse</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d1fcc72e384695b213330924e1d6afed6d45618091119a87" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/197b_doctor_who_k9_talking_plush.jpg" alt="Doctor Who K-9 Talking Plush" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906c26334b679c6b9c10e0160b62e58ecc38eeca193cce72f85"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who K-9 Talking Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19068eef4fdee6e66b7adc82f540237ba8b2d7e83426d7bf80fc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b83_poopourri_master_crapsman_gift_set.jpg" alt="Poo Pourri Master Crapsman Gift Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190675584733c5ca7b043b0b0b74046dc3e15680f45782664aec"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Poo Pourri Master Crapsman Gift Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19067ad250e09163b2e970c93b2a3dad146617f0f905dbbc0847" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f46_star_trek_365_books.jpg" alt="Star Trek 365" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906e8fe2338c70020439c6f63957e01a1659ad6667d3be0751c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek 365</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906f9c5bc7e9e8a45d5e72ce0695676fc4e89ab5d84af44b0dd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e55_gumball_machine_fishbowl.jpg" alt="Gumball Machine Fishbowl" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062632b39312fbde194c04d52a9a054d9517cd8b3d3f0ba20b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Gumball Machine Fishbowl</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062e30c931b51e3445f46394461dd27d3b54621511b0f353b0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/11ab_skyrim_dragonborn_statue_new.jpg" alt="Skyrim Dragonborn Statue" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906dff8f5177cffdb809317d1525f03ab03ea51b9d8ba515b6c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Skyrim Dragonborn Statue</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19061300f561159ba288d11882230a5587c5b57328b9f2ba0d7b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/201f_in1_multitool_case_galaxy_s5.jpg" alt="IN1 Multi-Tool Utility Case For Galaxy S5" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19062281a92e434ae913e23bbab095eb4cf4a203310930a57e61"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>IN1 Multi-Tool Utility Case For Galaxy S5</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
			<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19068dba4ed37a7659030b4d3ed92e6865dada9dc5916e97fdd3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/125c_thinkgeek_beach_boy_towel.jpg" alt="ThinkGeek Beach Boy Towel - 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906af31d2c0018d6aaa25ed195e8dc8364334ad17f4291bdb2c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>ThinkGeek Beach Boy Towel - 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190678217bd10e4a1a0845129163a000fcbb920ccd56a14c8343" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e7fa_minecraft_magnets.jpg" alt="Minecraft Sheet Magnets - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190645e05016a0119af7f412aeb972c9c8441bf9d793574a76fe"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft Sheet Magnets - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190658be2db3f0816e7d6e9a5b3cab77744bffdb72ad4aba0260" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f353_star_trek_enterprise_d_pizza_cutter.jpg" alt="Star Trek U.S.S. Enterprise D Pizza Cutter - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19064e5603933ee051531de05d068e15db827d87eed6db95d5f1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek U.S.S. Enterprise D Pizza Cutter - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19060484c10630b85b3f847f556b742d2369c48541769f15a8db" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/eeb4_cyclops_water_balloon_launcher.jpg" alt="Kaos Cyclops Water Balloon Launcher - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19065a4529cfe83680cec2db53b9919a23b6f9ae04ace7db8803"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Kaos Cyclops Water Balloon Launcher - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ff7e3c226cf22c3978e412fbae8dfdf52d74373b5c32e3ce" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f440_pocketstrings_portable_guitar_practice_tool_new.jpg" alt="PocketStrings Portable Guitar Practice Tool - 33% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190607d4c03b1c68bf67b27381b063a65ce2cabf933c9e192037"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>PocketStrings Portable Guitar Practice Tool - 33% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906913462679564abaf3b25a807cf2849f11ecd9d7b49041b21" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a60_power_symbol_glow_in_dark_mug.gif" alt="Power Symbol Glow in the Dark Mug - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19067d567057340952abb1db07b53f40cd9abbf4d037fccd193f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Power Symbol Glow in the Dark Mug - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190667bfdbd4d57323d4edef903863451b494bae13ff9f0f909e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f2a2_rc_quadcopter.jpg" alt="R/C Quadcopter - 17% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906f980bed154bb47c4a3c342ce6629e1bbb52a183a14d7dbd5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>R/C Quadcopter - 17% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d190670e09766d2e8b02a42505d867cde8c62fe47d74d3451bc9f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ef87_r2d2_inflatable_rc.jpg" alt="Star Wars R2-D2 Inflatable R/C - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906b9e3b0e3cde268e3087b752cd9dc1faff7956396640ce7bc"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars R2-D2 Inflatable R/C - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-08-01-action2.jpg"
					 width="275" border="0" alt="" title="" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i></i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Bring Your Geekling to Work Day @ TG HQ!</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">Have you heard of Take Your Child to Work Day? We decided to observe our own special day to bring our wee monkeys into the office. Appropriately called <b>Bring Your Geekling to Work Day</b>, our mini-mes toured the office, played with giant bubbles (featured in a video!) and <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063f8a40bb110749097282695d9d51ffb48d3834a8e13560bb" style="color: #134b65;" >made costumes for their own personal Timmy</a>. Not to mention playing with all kinds of toys during their own <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906dfc4a005887c0828402432adb32c2e4f2739b3e3a7e3c30b" style="color: #134b65;" >Action Shot</a> photoshoot!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Recharging"</span><br />In an android's sleep<br />
Sparking fluffy quadrupeds<br />
Jump fences and graze</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Dominic L. from Norfolk, U.K.<strong>!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906720258d7025692a559dfcb808fca8cddc485a8b6936236e8" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906720258d7025692a559dfcb808fca8cddc485a8b6936236e8" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
								<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">

					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>

					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906ea80f82a2751f25f2aee2d099592e6d608bbf4152d320e2b"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:orders@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">orders@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>

					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906af9c6d8591ffedbd690a1b674c52422b3153a98e11bdb0c4" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906efce0731516bab117d6ba381a1ea8d257582960ffa94a1ad"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19066633dfed200b0951fd662541e8b5e1175e16cdbecd7781c0"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906d9f2374482a080170c758d21532ebd436fafcad6b7a350c2"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19066b6cd58e7276b9429031ec135d272ea10c66f4ab10e78afc"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d19063f88e4b3710e8c489fd72660d23984897ee5bb2da6daf13d"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=9060afa3726d1906bd39a7def673a69926ded46231191a84d1fedd4291b8c5cc" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--6us4lYFpxH9i=_?:--

