Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.160.143 with SMTP id xk15csp533254ldb;
        Thu, 11 Dec 2014 08:43:08 -0800 (PST)
X-Received: by 10.170.72.7 with SMTP id o7mr8876645yko.73.1418316187911;
        Thu, 11 Dec 2014 08:43:07 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68556361-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta2.email.thinkgeek.com (mta2.email.thinkgeek.com. [68.232.197.130])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id t5si705198ykt.161.2014.12.11.08.43.06
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Thu, 11 Dec 2014 08:43:07 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68556361-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) client-ip=68.232.197.130;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68556361-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68556361-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com;
       dkim=pass header.i=@email.thinkgeek.com
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 h=From:To:Subject:Date:List-Unsubscribe:MIME-Version:Reply-To:Message-ID:Content-Type; i=overlords@email.thinkgeek.com;
 bh=tqSX+0iu1/ZWn65nV5zDI8+BY6A=;
 b=WxLFBlJ/JKpuJQ3S26Y7ZaoJFzHbonssnJ1ocpMVCdsLQ3EMD8fjlOBYJr4Ni0Vq7tnSTgNrpt/x
   kwV+sSZXQRkIzf6hhPA3W/cVYTrnBhmkPx2RlgQq+/2wJg/iqXhifGhREgmddSKadLMYxgMhELN2
   +DFYm1hOrymGzZM5zwA=
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; q=dns; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 b=ajBKVKyZ/8MuJREqi2NR9g0N0opLfyukIVQIA/a/Cd3zdJogc1hCNnIpuq8WeQgG0/d2i6FCJMXe
   Fe84B1t6266y3F1oVh3y9f6YOBjpTPLSwfiXNRRoOe09l3OamYRwuFF4z2SX5Tb/m4HomK9rvUX0
   kguQf72D0E3YZX1fqX8=;
Received: by mta2.email.thinkgeek.com id hh74pm163hs5 for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Thu, 11 Dec 2014 10:29:07 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68556361-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: =?UTF-8?B?MzAlIG9mZiBzaXRld2lkZTogIOKYkSBuZXcgc2hpbmllcyBmb3Ig?=
 =?UTF-8?B?ZXZlcnlvbmUgb24geW91ciBsaXN0IQ==?=
Date: Thu, 11 Dec 2014 10:29:06 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe5712787061027e7315-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe5712787061027e7315-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_68556361
Message-ID: <16a9cfda-275d-459e-822a-04f6eb4d2046@xtinmta488.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="3qdqLpypMx8W=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--3qdqLpypMx8W=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Introduce a Student to Coding Today

We're well into Computer Science Education Week. Have you
participated in the Hour of Code? Today's the day Apple Stores
worldwide are hosting free one-hour introductions to the basics
of computer programming. With over 75k events from various
companies and organizations across the globe, there's probably
one near you. Find out more at <a
href="http://www.hourofcode.com"
alias="68556361_text_hourofcode" style="color:
#134b65;"><b>hourofcode.com</b></a>. 

GoT Kitchenware #################################################

Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we may die

Well, duh. It IS Game of Thrones, after all. But at least you
won't die from poisoning at the dinner table if you BYOK (Bring
Your Own Kitchen). Take, for instance, these lovely GoT Map
Marker Salt and Pepper Shakers and this Dragonclaw Goblet
Replica. When you can't find your food taster (or you haven't yet
replaced the last one), these are a great option for safer
dining. But we can't promise 100% safety. After all, kitchen
staff can be bribed. But you'll definitely look great eating and
drinking with these wares, available exclusively at ThinkGeek,
and that's what counts, right?
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f0eca3cb7da789de33ac523892e718a58f6ca1e5043987f50

SITEWIDE SAVINGS! ###############################################

Our ELFbots are in overdrive, picking, pulling, and packing all
your goodies. Let's make 'em work a little harder, shall we? How
does 30% off all orders totaling $50 or more sound? Use code
WHIRRR until 11:59pm PT 12/14/14. 

Don't miss out:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fc8c2d57c8d0a3d1079e7510eaf99f339896cbe842d218c43

What's New(s)! ##################################################

New Mega Man Gear - Straight from Dr. Light's lab!

Dr. Light has released two sizes of Mega Man goodies for you to
drool over. First, there's the cat-sized Mega Man Helmet. Alas,
it's too heavy for a non-robot cat, but it does sit on your desk
and light up when placed on the USB-powered stand. But the good
doctor knows you need something in your size to fight all those
evil robots. That's why he let us make this Mega Man Mega Buster
Gun Replica. It slips over your hand and has two firing modes:
squeeze the trigger quickly for a regular shot, or hold it in and
release for a charged shot. With these two Mega goodies in your
life, you'll be ready to Rock and/or Roll!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fea23b283f736465fda5c59ca5ec84d6228730d7759173246
100


Marvel Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. RFID Blocking Wallet - Fury
approved

A.I.M. is really hurting for cash; it takes a ton of food to feed
their giant-head-of-a-giant-head MODOK ("Mechanized Organism
Designed Only for Eating" is his unofficial nickname). To
increase their finances, they try and scan credit cards from
S.H.I.E.L.D. agents they encounter. That's why all agents now
carry this RFID blocking wallet. It's got the S.H.I.E.L.D.
L.O.G.O. debossed on the cover, which looks so official it makes
our geek parts quiver. You'll love the feeling of flashing your
ID in this Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. wallet. Agent Coulson carries
one of these wallets (probably), and you should, too. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f4d5ac5ff306ee854b8dd5d2b180abf1ce55b0ff644035c89


Half Life Gordon Freeman HEV Suit Hoodie - Have a very safe day!

Take hold of that crowbar and start swinging with our Half-Life 2
HEV Suit Hoodie. Instead of protecting you from most acids and
radiation, this one protects you from cold, wind, and trace
amounts of water (maybe drizzle, but not for too long). And while
it might not have the built-in flashlight, it also doesn't
require batteries or charging. It has the Lambda logo sewn across
front, and most of the details are sewn in rather than being
printed on, for a professional look. The zipper is topped off
with a small metal Black Mesa zipper pull, and the interior is
lined in deep orange. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fae997f3e199400ce45e7f8907673cebae00f21d2938d2d2b


Magical Unicorn Accessories - Fabulous in every sense of the word

These Magical Unicorn Handbags and Wallets are here to remind
you, that every day can be full of glittery goodness. The golden,
sparkly unicorn on the front makes you think back to simpler
times, when your most complicated decision of the day was whether
to use crayons or markers to draw on the walls. Part of the magic
of this unicorn wallet is that it has card slots for every one of
your loyalty cards. Well, maybe not all of them, but 13 of them.
Also, the bag fits your eReader, so you can keep your favorite
Mercedes Lackey or Piers Anthony close at hand. That way your
unicorn handbag can be full of unicorns on the inside, too.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f582cc97f8ae000748241ee499d4cda23f7d1d219649c53ae


Newton's Cradle Fridge Magnet - A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive!

With the Newton's Cradle Fridge Magnet your refrigerator can
demonstrate the laws of conservation of mass and energy each time
you open and close the door. CLACK-CLACK-CLACK. Need a beer?
CLACK-CLACK-CLACK. Standing in the kitchen waiting for a pot to
boil while trying not to watch it? Watch this instead!
CLACK-CLACK-CLACK. Magnetic poetry kits are so last decade as a
way to kill time in the kitchen while you're waiting in line for
the microwave. (Except for the ones we make, naturally.) Next
time, do physics to it. You'll be glad you did.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f76a39720e0471a7958f77f475ec7acf674132d1a8e5b70a7


All New Star Wars Jewelry - You love it. We know.

Brace yourself. We're about to hit you with a ton of Star Wars
jewelry. First we have pendants: Boba Fett's helmet, a
Stormtrooper helmet, and the Rebel Alliance Starbird. They're all
large and chunky. Next up are spinner rings: the Star Wars logo
or the static blue text before each of the movies. For the more
traditional, there's a standard ring which consists of
alternating Rebel Alliance and Imperial logos. Next we have Jedi
Order dangle earrings, which are just what they sound like, and
finally we have an additional R2-D2 bead to add to our
recently-released collection of Star Wars European-style charm
beads. Because everyone needs an R2 unit.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f437e6eaba9fb1cf59494769b0b19eb1bff7d84c348473641


TGX Tactical Notebooks - Zombie hunters, take note

Covered in MOLLE webbing, these TGX Tactical Notebooks are made
from durable material, ready to withstand abuse. Each has 2 pen
loops and a carabiner attached to a grommet to let you clip it on
to whatever's handy. The smaller one closes with two snaps and
has a hook-and-loop strap on the back. The larger one zips closed
(to protect the paper 360), has a clear vinyl pocket + two
additional card slots on the inside, and a mesh pocket with a
flap that closes with hook and loop. Both have 96 lined pages
inside; the notebooks can be removed and replaced with a new
notebook when you're done. Or, you know, you can put your
favorite book inside now to protect it from the elements and the
potential coming onslaught.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f39d02f49c8feeec14349f32474b3abc7fbde7c3bc8836dce


The Smoking Gun - Add smoke to any food or drink

Smoke adds something magical to a meal. But sometimes, it's just
impossible to find the time to smoke your favorite foods. Until
now. The Smoking Gun is a wicked new way to quickly add smoked
flavors to any food item you can think of. Sure, you could make
your chicken breast or ribs a bit smokier, but why stop there?
With The Smoking Gun, you can have smoked salads, smoked
martinis, and even fully smoked half-smoke (which could be
something that rips a hole in fabric of time and space... or just
your pants). If you can set it on fire, you can inject its
flavors into your foods with The Smoking Gun. Get smoking!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f79e4150a36f8cf8a44495960033ea8b7a82044363a63548e


Headphones... We've got headphones

Music and video games have one thing in common: it is really
enjoyable to play them loudly. But sometimes you just can't, and
that is sad. For those times, you need a good pair of headphones.
And just like a dealer of fine space-cruisers, we've got a
plethora of styles for you to choose from. There are some if you
just want Bluetooth music headphones and some if you want
hard-core-explosions-to-the-max gamer headphones. Because
headphone selection, like choosing a magic wand, is a very
personal and intimate thing. We've got a bunch, and we're pretty
sure you're gonna find exactly what you're looking for. Well,
listening for. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fc13b3979cae4bb0ec803c6f9cc08402c154734f9209ac2f2
audio/newest/desc/0/100


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f8de4aeba55d9493e515943eeea386b4f5756ce43910cfa4c

William Shakespeare's Star Wars Trilogy Boxed Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f5e919cad5c861d761375e19b1ca181fb0284973cfa817f07

Star Trek Retro Tech Purse
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f5717bdb35dc3729637a55412fac05e795587577156497450

Snow Peak Mini Hozuki Magnetic Lantern
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f02b70a47796e772d16fada88e769bff1d74695a32d7bcb6e

Snow Peak Magnetic Lapel Torch
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9c878ecf46626794eb9e234095c770f8f6bf52d51928ec57

Star Trek Communicator iPhone 5S Case
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f4a62fb23d579ea2ba116252e3c96997337c621d5ce258ec7

A Kid's Guide to Awesome Duct Tape
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f26a32f479426df61e36bbef477efbd0de1cc930c11e2bdfa

Firefly Pint Glass Set of Two
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f5107a5ab30779e1cea9cd2627a342d4c20eb218a4e398479

MimoPowerTube - 2,600mAh Portable Power Bank
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fba610dd593f4f4a598fb00c7fc86d65e8dd504ad21b943ff

Dota 2 Pudge Bone Hook Keychain Bottle Opener
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f129e171110d73a78fb2c9a5aea1316cf996682059e92e770

Sons of Anarchy Action Figures
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14ffd808bf136bb7cbe661a8e28d221737dc8e8954920dcbf04

Mini Flask Key Chain
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fa1755a6b6f603e91d36f67183b4c6ead662c6800ac6bafce

Hot Sauce Starter Set 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f6f9593ebc184b4607cc721e78a6ccbbe2c806b4eb3de3eef

Loch Ness Monster Salt Pepper and Oil Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f2c45cc2466da9dd9c525288feed4b3f7e348ee9878db5bfc

POP Keychain: Game of Thrones
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f94305551d788d33aff8b540150f832feeb852b15af3027fa

POP Keychain: DC
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f4f8d237c7f872bca33e8eca786ac8d41141bb36d308b3362

Dragonball Z Pop Vinyl Figures 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f896d573ed137794a6eb5574024f67be8f78bace9411694dd

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Blind Box
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9553f7b29ff18a32ed2909c6b1b63580bb5a2eb2e4132728

Nerf Rebelle Rapid Red
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14ff747b538eeb5efef00f28e6d66560f2c87ebee1dcbbf2c4b

Panda Heat Change Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fe5ae955348b8ebd2f11ecc9e0c961db70e86a3cb86ac329b

Rabbids Mini Figures Invasion Packs Series 2
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f8fd4af2f3b03bc17d1a2344f92aacc0900af2c9fae5836f7

Attack On Titan Spinoffs Intro Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fbef073b9467b8c9291bea405224056134dc61c2bb06ec8ea

Slow Regard of Silent Things Autographed Edition
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9c7baf66b2d13f9afbb30316c0fbc8d4a3a1b44d668ce5b9

Hario Fino Japanese Coffee Kettle
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9e4553c3803e65d755a3cfc3491383a360b8f2535207d829

Personal Drip Coffee Carafe
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fa5ee8cdafd7b19366f3f9514f3c04fe267bfbb959ee83f2f

Sonic Screwdriver Draft Excluder
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fcd58e4c8acd19787e2868ab8b192a4f559199d1c792f34eb

New Apparel! ####################################################

Dia de Los Trooper Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fd052342727a7b94a90a848d7c6f654ee8fca121d894a6d04

Carol Corp Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fa08cffb449ed02ea1918054dc80c8ff0e711968e3cd71a88

Sora and Crew Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f56298ceddce8cd665b8880ebed43707a0ce8a5a41cb2c9f4

Cap-sicle Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fb67b56fdf306b3ddc6cc0d6a9c52f43cdc844fd207f8d60f

Kingdom Hearts Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9f15ce1de39052943c52e9f0ed958bc1daa651ce3f6c64cd

It's a Trap Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fa26ddb946a853e8327e1501508c7b45cc92ae734fe38b53d

Wookiee Cookies Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f0d70e91136109b02b136b88ebb0bcfff9f5e4a2a4a04aa14

Cap and Friends Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f80c4252c83c1128bbacbb8998a5de6ad508d6c95216e4e85

Be Red 5 (standing by)
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f5cd6b65ab422a032a693e32b72ec552b48c8608e0a44e696

Exclusive Periodic Star Wars
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fe22659c592d840bdfdf38bfb3272a6d60bf45eb356d49e69

Exclusive DC Selfie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fe694053ec0f5bac68cbdede5a6c8f5d66327e6c19f6b5a0c

DuckTales Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f5e8efa49e2cc190b6a09717f182ee4d769c18408c33b1eeb

Spiderman Selfie Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fbe575757fbf8cb8b1a5de71398bd0710e0981deb555eb0a5

Boldly Go Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14faff0e30e8cc0833866904d0c54db184ea65a5c9b04252e3b

Dredd Badge
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14ff128bbbdfc63cccc9ece94dadbc4b0e4ec3afaf30ccd408a

CL4P-TP General Purpose Robot
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fc99231b972db6957466bd7f2d20535604e00bde5daf9d54d

Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey Doctor
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f76ee46373ceec4b9db78c9447a816cb994c63c70b7c528c2

Batman Begins Leather Street Jacket
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f0e1f53841f4371a52e9118ab6fda46cc3c9269a9b3543882

Batman Polo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9181aaea0a47d84ed624979695744f14c762e2e7c2ae3969

Superman Polo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f7cdf85370675f3d8d5d4e5b18d55bb68cf81ff5fcec8a159

Green Lantern Polo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f3810e27874bc80486fd36fa856b35ba9403c110d489730a0

Flash Polo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fe61ff1409296a60472cba818ae9250511d769305e3439302

Cobra Command Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14fb6b7352494bda8e063969304e95f0abd4b6b5d4046781823

Kawaii Princess Leia Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f0514574bd24baeaebe369a6452527f688612658514a11da8

Vaultboy!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f401c33b9aecdf2c13f4ea2d0691d386265742749b32c2844

Relaxing in the Wasteland
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f7431aba25c7df0d0c4e61d0130a8a19655c5e80d15d00bfe

Vault-Tec Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f543bfb76dd1eceb1b85fb097b559ed223b6dae02862ceaf1

Newton
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f9e1939dd7324cc0740cae10dc976a8925abf88a6d7deed27

Cozy Up! ########################################################

Minecraft Creeper Premium Youth Zip Up Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f1b50536ff99ac60cb95832a0631ed2b1737bf30b13bf1c08

Giant Robot Slippers with Sound
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f39b66d7bcb07c2d741dafb3050fb1bb54ab3c24663284d6a

Star Wars Chewbacca Robe
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccacc9ee3265303963f1d806eefeda1629296b8df3e9bbc1b4

Plush Unicorn Slippers for Grown Ups
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc118a4cd588034ee6dcd196813c58800b9e0fc2f349daeef3

Exclusive Periodic Table of Elements Blanket
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc2c1fcdf50b029ae36b57ba471665c335455a98473f29d513

Doctor Who Bathrobes
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc012edb7b594bf5617fff2d07089edfd2cd538be4694abeed

Star Trek The Original Series Uniform Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc00226e5e32d7ba86a81079f2b2d273f13d50a751e269d2ee

Game of Thrones Two-Sided Fleece Blanket
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc0ed1c86efd872e37d24c67cb5631b5e30c5fc72ac049ca82

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Sriracha Candy Canes - 38% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccebb662e335692a2675f3cfeb3abb6dd6aabdd8c9835520bc

Doctor Who TARDIS Water Globe - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccd03cc91c475c184c9ca377cc2073dfe43ed96ea22e806520

Star Trek Rug - 30% off 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccfb23d22e6df0f08f22d225a17ba9746bf08a4a806e4a1be8

Death Star Ice SPHERE Mold - 17% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc3ce4136212f5e060aecedb8e297282e8ac96d6f84bd3e6ad

Airzooka Air Gun - 23% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc400b19c33bbb308c51ed7b9ed10d2415202bccea84a0a1d0

Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets - Series 3 - 17% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc9248169bdb4916e5d2a960c24845218fe5f7d699b72d9df0

Das Can-in-Stein - up to 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc6947eb39bc39e2331e909c9428dba6bd040af75b93eca359

Star Trek Tribble Slippers with Sound - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc882787b5d8733a221fea3728c80fbd1dee81d4385e8550b5

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Whoa. This is heavy.

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccfe86bc711e64e9fffd8e01a66202e1fe5295ce720de1b82b

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc9d4ab3b156647e18fdcc72f05b97d48c7260b3fe50bd69ab
>> 
The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Brenna from Raleigh,
NC! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Minigame Pain":

64 blisters
Should not have used my palm, but
It was worth the win

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccba87afee6e8083d7bf7a96a6a58b12a48da778b5662afb43
>> 
Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccb1693cae9c358c9d0cf674ae19dad33d841712b628ff161d

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccfc8bc19a095b2f2a435bf76b117cd9dff0382fc5b0be8e31

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcceba84572ea69cb60e35b06a794987f0ee2247b9fd4ceb2cd

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcced9e6f34a8bbc005245a35f328d975f337e1b5c9f9062bb5

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc834b5a7e7353c0cab404135e1bc0b88e5706bddd7fd681d8

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc21cee33fd240749b1f723fd6988dc11d5a7f00e31723486f

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcca44bf61689d5d5b9f09bca17a92bda270d7e96c84091ef14

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccfe0f24e55270125000f2fe7467b52cf3976ba4da644db434

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc8ad22fd20f016bc5fc7343926657df823371aeb567f45a5c

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcca660c6b8a1017d7494309ceb644ffbaf0352644e2946e68a

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcce4b2764450f960976db71d89cba58aee44dcf12dba1a5e69

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccda45fa861f9004385cb91bd3bd0b28f168168c67b2c534c5

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccef8cf5ee2ec8e3b96eef82bebf4097f37688a94a6ea9c6e5

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc88f6519ec415cb8de00b57117d2b49e77fe58ffbecb56237

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcc69b42ac0a8a957f4fa52c898a4130174e1174faa0f7e0d21 *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dccbb2e55026de89418a7cee9e3a672a1f54bfb018881b3ff12

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d8dd19eb6edd2dcca44bf61689d5d5b9f09bca17a92bda270d7e96c84091ef14 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--3qdqLpypMx8W=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe5712787061027e7315-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10043" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 320px !important; height: 60px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 500px !important; height: 70px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Use WHIRRR for 30% off orders $50+ until Sunday, 12/14!</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c888f119fefe713c8dc8180f491a53f472b44978c1f1cbc201c" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c888f119fefe713c8dc8180f491a53f472b44978c1f1cbc201c" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c8824c41d4490c1d3b3afaef67678926a7f611f6869d794d62d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2014-holidaytimmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88e7fb178797cf2122393354954b6fe9edb8356f512ddd306d" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88eb3363d76a82da16c397db24cc65706e6658414e957a5bed" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88bc0ad6ee8fa93458e9e3c5ad41e7c58d6bfd4bc328e8dacf" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c885910d41511a7aeca74092da16295d73ea4ec2c6b4be2df7b" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#96141a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c880bf36ecedff8e99321c414fdca7ff5f0a870dacbfcf0b0a7" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GIFT CENTER</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88444dc2a5c943177219b4bc6efaeff0ca064f0395256a2cbf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-11-30off50.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="30% off $50" title="Use code WHIRRR until 11:59pm PT 12/14/14" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 5px 0px;" /></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c885ba9281b0c7d0e3a2dc9748292c93fd72b92166abd5338a6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-10-got.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="GoT Kitchenware" title="Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we may die" class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Introduce a Student to Coding Today</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">We're well into Computer Science Education Week. Have you participated in the Hour of Code? Today's the day Apple Stores worldwide are hosting free one-hour introductions to the basics of computer programming. With over 75k events from various companies and organizations across the globe, there's probably one near you. Find out more at <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88af5ab8ff3116e343a849f34d044c610ff010131e32b74ad7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>hourofcode.com</b></a>. </p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c8813341427c4a4262bf5c15b4a43f27a5f9536330513923515" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Mega Man Gear - Straight from Dr. Light's lab!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88ee08b6645e313b65a4b5262485c3f2e10da9f33f244043d1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-10-megamanWN.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Mega Man Gear - Straight from Dr. Light's lab!" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Dr. Light has released two sizes of Mega Man goodies for you to drool over. First, there's the cat-sized Mega Man Helmet. Alas, it's too heavy for a non-robot cat, but it does sit on your desk and light up when placed on the USB-powered stand. But the good doctor knows you need something in your size to fight all those evil robots. That's why he let us make this Mega Man Mega Buster Gun Replica. It slips over your hand and has two firing modes: squeeze the trigger quickly for a regular shot, or hold it in and release for a charged shot. With these two Mega goodies in your life, you'll be ready to Rock and/or
 Roll!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c88f2bf6b72ff0abb98ed2840a3b8b73f57cd795a72fe1e0ee8" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Marvel Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. RFID Blocking Wallet - Fury approved</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=5efa52dfa9970c887b98aac5568aba5802996c50bcd992c74ea9cd2782e86459" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1d95_marvel_shield_rfid_blocking_wallet.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Marvel Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. RFID Blocking Wallet - Fury approved" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">A.I.M. is really hurting for cash; it takes a ton of food to feed their giant-head-of-a-giant-head MODOK ("Mechanized Organism Designed Only for Eating" is his unofficial nickname). To increase their finances, they try and scan credit cards from S.H.I.E.L.D. agents they encounter. That's why all agents now carry this RFID blocking wallet. It's got the S.H.I.E.L.D. L.O.G.O. debossed on the cover, which looks so official it makes our geek parts quiver. You'll love the feeling of flashing your ID in this Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. wallet. Agent Coulson carries one of these wallets (probably), and you should, too.						
</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498ba990b52e4b973578ee232e2470089698279ddf94fb7a255" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Half Life Gordon Freeman HEV Suit Hoodie - Have a very safe day!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980f6dc25382d2d302b238674dcbdb685bcc949b444a13d610" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hslg_gordon_freeman_hev_suit_hoodie.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Half Life Gordon Freeman HEV Suit Hoodie - Have a very safe day!" width="80" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Take hold of that crowbar and start swinging with our Half-Life 2 HEV Suit Hoodie. Instead of protecting you from most acids and radiation, this one protects you from cold, wind, and trace amounts of water (maybe drizzle, but not for too long). And while it might not have the built-in flashlight, it also doesn't require batteries or charging. It has the Lambda logo sewn across front, and most of the details are sewn in rather than being printed on, for a professional look. The zipper is topped off with a small metal Black Mesa zipper pull, and the interior is lined in deep orange.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498cf932b3528b93c13389ae95a8c7c4be3f80d1504c6b56f33" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Magical Unicorn Accessories - Fabulous in every sense of the word</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498b6a60624a689757ea48d1257fea3e6c01ddbb609a7351e1c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-10-unicornbags.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Magical Unicorn Accessories - Fabulous in every sense of the word" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">These Magical Unicorn Handbags and Wallets are here to remind you, that every day can be full of glittery goodness. The golden, sparkly unicorn on the front makes you think back to simpler times, when your most complicated decision of the day was whether to use crayons or markers to draw on the walls. Part of the magic of this unicorn wallet is that it has card slots for every one of your loyalty cards. Well, maybe not all of them, but 13 of them. Also, the bag fits your eReader, so you can keep your favorite Mercedes Lackey or Piers Anthony close at hand. That way your unicorn handbag can be full of unicorns on
 the inside, too.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564982bbf86c62197202ac0d65d122bf0c7f411ef1182d182fc58" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Newton's Cradle Fridge Magnet - A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f0b7c29cf1181f941a2de1ee30d9250435b7f33759c6f3f6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/2060_newtons_cradle_fridge_mag.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Newton's Cradle Fridge Magnet - A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">With the Newton's Cradle Fridge Magnet your refrigerator can demonstrate the laws of conservation of mass and energy each time you open and close the door. CLACK-CLACK-CLACK. Need a beer? CLACK-CLACK-CLACK. Standing in the kitchen waiting for a pot to boil while trying not to watch it? Watch this instead! CLACK-CLACK-CLACK. Magnetic poetry kits are so last decade as a way to kill time in the kitchen while you're waiting in line for the microwave. (Except for the ones we make, naturally.) Next time, do physics to it. You'll be glad you did.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649878038e151bd94dd658e1e8263987155e8d9b75b58aba1a49" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >All New Star Wars Jewelry - You love it. We know.</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564989523c2979c39383358a9b4f162402f1ad9612873ea2eb75a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-10-swcombine.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see All New Star Wars Jewelry - You love it. We know." width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Brace yourself. We're about to hit you with a ton of Star Wars jewelry. First we have pendants: Boba Fett's helmet, a Stormtrooper helmet, and the Rebel Alliance Starbird. They're all large and chunky. Next up are spinner rings: the Star Wars logo or the static blue text before each of the movies. For the more traditional, there's a standard ring which consists of alternating Rebel Alliance and Imperial logos. Next we have Jedi Order dangle earrings, which are just what they sound like, and finally we have an additional R2-D2 bead to add to our recently-released collection of Star Wars European-style charm
 beads. Because everyone needs an R2 unit.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564984f567d56474fd85ffddd225cc013511fd2287c47a507e376" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >TGX Tactical Notebooks - Zombie hunters, take note</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498493e6d5213247c32c44dd16f06680c06ea0a88417eaeba0c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/20f6_tactical_notebooks.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see TGX Tactical Notebooks - Zombie hunters, take note" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Covered in MOLLE webbing, these TGX Tactical Notebooks are made from durable material, ready to withstand abuse. Each has 2 pen loops and a carabiner attached to a grommet to let you clip it on to whatever's handy. The smaller one closes with two snaps and has a hook-and-loop strap on the back. The larger one zips closed (to protect the paper 360), has a clear vinyl pocket + two additional card slots on the inside, and a mesh pocket with a flap that closes with hook and loop. Both have 96 lined pages inside; the notebooks can be removed and replaced with a new notebook when you're done. Or, you know, you can put
 your favorite book inside now to protect it from the elements and the potential coming onslaught.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498024d02d2e5574ae20f8d7913fe38e552d3d85efd7fc4d8e1" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >The Smoking Gun - Add smoke to any food or drink</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564989630c7f2b25861de75bf8a62e7c969f8a3e9e916ca0ff695" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hsll_the_smoking_gun.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see The Smoking Gun - Add smoke to any food or drink" width="130" height="78" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Smoke adds something magical to a meal. But sometimes, it's just impossible to find the time to smoke your favorite foods. Until now. The Smoking Gun is a wicked new way to quickly add smoked flavors to any food item you can think of. Sure, you could make your chicken breast or ribs a bit smokier, but why stop there? With The Smoking Gun, you can have smoked salads, smoked martinis, and even fully smoked half-smoke (which could be something that rips a hole in fabric of time and space... or just your pants). If you can set it on fire, you can inject its flavors into your foods with The Smoking Gun. Get
 smoking!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498ea4aef5673c85c8c405bf541b74b468c1c3b847518d5fa54" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Headphones... We've got headphones</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564985bb2d51216a4fd44b0f7e13b9e2196c124fa56e9c1a5bbcc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-10-skullcandy.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Headphones... We've got headphones" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Music and video games have one thing in common: it is really enjoyable to play them loudly. But sometimes you just can't, and that is sad. For those times, you need a good pair of headphones. And just like a dealer of fine space-cruisers, we've got a plethora of styles for you to choose from. There are some if you just want Bluetooth music headphones and some if you want hard-core-explosions-to-the-max gamer headphones. Because headphone selection, like choosing a magic wand, is a very personal and intimate thing. We've got a bunch, and we're pretty sure you're gonna find exactly what you're looking for. Well,
 listening for.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498fba03ade89cacb077ca5057708831851a9726bde030189dd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20c7_dia_de_los_trooper_ladies_tee_new_dd.jpg" alt="Dia de Los Trooper Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498d853449eaea8910c06fb9a6076312991e247a7477ea73ae3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dia de Los Trooper Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498e8ab7e117816659686401c3f992ba667b74186d7a5ec3547" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20c8_carol_corps_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Carol Corp Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564981f7558cfcc2d96987ee228e975937af3697b1089dda5933b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Carol Corp Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498c25ce1ec1978a013222e9e37abac67663028fd380bfcd073" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20cd_sora_and_crew_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Sora and Crew Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498b94d8125080c38e19b6bdd9b555e2d4a72b131b7d31a20c3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sora and Crew Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498e12df60a312ddbe3d5e990d0c66cd553feeacbe6903e3ad4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2125_capsicle_ladies_tee_tee.jpg" alt="Cap-sicle Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649849432729c2767a682a6852fdc565bf8e04e3bfea1153adcb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Cap-sicle Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498372d89a906d535ac1133e4e860e48a511cefb82563b38981" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20cc_kingdom_hearts_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Kingdom Hearts Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649833db9c77b3fe32403ffb2b9642ee3c61c13fb121ee3b4ec9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Kingdom Hearts Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498c8f125819fdfe8d4465c1cb6bc9cf81db852a06ccc3bd2ed" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2122_its_a_trap_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="It's a Trap Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498a6a560ac022b7dd68c7e68e9085244d44621913bbea90d9f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>It's a Trap Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f7cb8c1b5b4949341532b10705620bbc9744754a1a5694db" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2120_wookiee_cookies_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Wookiee Cookies Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f6ddbc2946fd7670e137d24b2093aa9eee6a49c72f386d06"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Wookiee Cookies Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980440d34e7b52c9a51a37c63797f428f5f5661499720d0a21" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2128_avengers_all_star_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Cap and Friends Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498fa6623e49d48130a9b38fb6d358b49051ee199ce61048f5b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Cap and Friends Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649895e18ba4ce7c42c87f896847042affc725c8d2966a365b53" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2000_be_red_5_dd.jpg" alt="Be Red 5 (standing by)" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980eaf10ea2ddbf401b965a7255840999cca0f9069b156dd61"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Be Red 5 (standing by)</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649856e3db301f284e2734e295a63a5af00da51a5dd97d2c1640" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrps_ex_periodic_star_wars_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Periodic Star Wars" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498758856b7278c9cb583fe5d1e39e309780d37279e541003dd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Periodic Star Wars</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649830a82321b171992d5af88609343081efa5d32931dd4062ef" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgq_ex_dc_selfie_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive DC Selfie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498af9b5331e60911c44a9effb612716feebab6e5acd74cab06"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive DC Selfie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498fb976a77ee884fcc467aee9f654d98e16b5c9c86b517f535" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2129_ducktales_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="DuckTales Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498fc06751ee2f62a27df519ff0a88159ca1dbd0b5271f0b7f1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DuckTales Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498777c018d065ad74d54391a1ffed519a84f511d3dd360a56c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrmr_spiderman_selfie_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Spiderman Selfie Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498563e831d06a3a04787b05ec3d55ebaaf7cee24ac7ffd7062"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Spiderman Selfie Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980ff6ec9de0368a24049c493c902e3c9135d4cb999b1e9f25" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20c4_boldly_go_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Boldly Go Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564984fd27523bd1809eb8b3153b2b83e6dac144029a6bab581b3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Boldly Go Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649846ff37f4043a4c6a99a9933977561fc6573e90dd3c50eaef" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvh_dredd_badge_shirt_dd.jpg" alt="Dredd Badge" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564989a2b36de8746045ead568598a0ac422e3ccd6ca0a121ab8a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dredd Badge</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498cb230a18ca65a7dbd2067f39b35b52681f7940f4cb049196" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsri_claptrap_costume_tee_dd.jpg" alt="CL4P-TP General Purpose Robot" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498e09535a32acabd48d2ab44cbd5688a5f5245de4b97758716"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>CL4P-TP General Purpose Robot</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f7713dd17d72d4c3174085a75e568a9661a67d782f255007" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/217d_wibbly_wobbly_timey_wimey_doctor_dd.jpg" alt="Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey Doctor" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498a6c5774f92c954ff454bebaf940728337961254bc4d95b2e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey Doctor</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564985bf3329472a8f6e4f679a87f6e3c6a9cf6f49641fbc83ca3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fe7_batman_leather_street_jacket.jpg" alt="Batman Begins Leather Street Jacket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498954ff63019fb244ab9f61d386ab23046a63ff51f9cf39d3e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Begins Leather Street Jacket</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649844d2f0ba82dcacd309cab130f739b58ab1053559c52fd812" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsht_batman_polo.jpg" alt="Batman Polo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498efdb924672984c35d6a52a63be7b74d25c007af824bede85"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Polo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498126eb75d96eac6de337730172efeb09e3443c291a8f23efc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hshu_superman_polo.jpg" alt="Superman Polo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498d99a6f201f0cdf7ae17d569b9c65d892909133fd637dce83"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Superman Polo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564989971af77eae55a4b5c87f7fb7874258456878b36020b1533" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hshv_green_lantern_polo.jpg" alt="Green Lantern Polo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498a2fd5a4e9d2d0f2121d817600197467e2c4fff44c3d4549f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Green Lantern Polo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980495ddb253893589fdb4716bf4ca8e25ed78c6adeba01c35" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsig_flash_polo.jpg" alt="Flash Polo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980a431aef1271da2849affd7b614901ef82bc2d851df0c468"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Flash Polo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564982ea836bb16e7126d624ca6f8faa3ace82b5701246466760d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ffc_cobra_command_hoodie.jpg" alt="Cobra Command Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498ee7db82e3787b7bdc2ee107c11b3d461480b0631465e6b69"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Cobra Command Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f35f7bbf58a84c1fe5320ded35bf303531a6bd6b45d029a9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/216b_kawaii_princess_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Kawaii Princess Leia Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649870068f5125ba87b9b8f4a1f2273863887b5a979ba9013537"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Kawaii Princess Leia Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564982bb59460c0ae4713173cb1d80a7618c0e0f58c6b074f7f0f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqp_vaultboy_hands_hip_tshirt_dd.jpg" alt="Vaultboy!" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564982518e7056015538bfa393e3af708757a5c9cbc477b144692"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Vaultboy!</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980fe25ac1c72ba4d2975346847e4e496f1518d0f74d9d453b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqc_vault_tec_relaxing_wasteland_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Relaxing in the Wasteland" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980521b06313c4b25a3295ad168926a3be6688d75bd4c77b54"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Relaxing in the Wasteland</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564988274fd286073ff123de1bebcc70186dff3f582954cfc0c8f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqr_vault_tec_logo_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Vault-Tec Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498d973fb68d8d8ca90f17700df9907e4e397e57455411cee38"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Vault-Tec Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f1974d893f41a8c4adb19f39d477c71d4bf8fe3aca08890a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqt_newton_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Newton" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649859718c78ad772fc10d8341722ebd800b885f10737166980f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Newton</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564983973f8c3eae82c90a6578e4740b06301b7d461fc2e1f7f09" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hslu_shakespeare_sw_box_set.jpg" alt="William Shakespeare's Star Wars Trilogy Boxed Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498bb3543e6d1b2a133d1d1ae503d587a22b456b6cf6bfaf39e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>William Shakespeare's Star Wars Trilogy Boxed Set</b></a></p>
					</li>									<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498a21f4450119a6c72a2611e4a885f968fe001f55272457d3f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrnq_st_retro_tech_purse.jpg" alt="Star Trek Retro Tech Purse" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564981325142549ce59d334e6ea6e6cd617d0618c79dfc2561bf4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Retro Tech Purse</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649843fed9d881176742d3a91bf32b597b45963f43f60de7bd61" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f236_mini_hozuki_led_candle_lantern.jpg" alt="Snow Peak Mini Hozuki Magnetic Lantern" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498c82da4deff0a2c82e7dde91c90bd8fb8001c24b19081089a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Snow Peak Mini Hozuki Magnetic Lantern</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649886e0b13bd7fe8b6664ba9b127ee8eb66e4e174aa21dd35a0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htng_snow_peak_magnetic_lapel_torch.jpg" alt="Snow Peak Magnetic Lapel Torch" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498c809ac9296eabca4ca728b870db674675d8f5596e6f0217e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Snow Peak Magnetic Lapel Torch</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498b7f278dc396e3bc11ba9cc313fecc1de8e1d141575f80f45" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htis_star_trek_communicator_iphone5s_case.jpg" alt="Star Trek Communicator iPhone 5S Case" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498a9b5dc6f82250b291eed768d9d4ce74d258e4a157865aa5f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Communicator iPhone 5S Case</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498bb40bff266df3df85c9e63f63c414d64c51dfa3b1c7f363b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hthi_kids_guide_duct_tape.jpg" alt="A Kid's Guide to Awesome Duct Tape" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564983e17970ee29a991fa8cf9dfbb6fad220777c0a22d312bb7e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>A Kid's Guide to Awesome Duct Tape</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498384d79b451f3ec397a681a19afaad19adbfe589950d6df75" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/203e_firefly_pint_glass_two_set.jpg" alt="Firefly Pint Glass Set of Two" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd4205649827ea73640722e44a4af9515904f9daf66a37929dd0c3567f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Firefly Pint Glass Set of Two</b></a></p>
					</li>								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564986de326a8a18fbc203b9d2785c613014e58b32e79f7508cbd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrpu_dota2_bone_hook_bottle_opener.jpg" alt="Dota 2 Pudge Bone Hook Keychain Bottle Opener" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564983af4055de7cb033d71143a498c2a3b7249fd75bfc80909e4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dota 2 Pudge Bone Hook Keychain Bottle Opener</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498492ca4a944a8b89a2f0c9c1796c8d77569529a6630972261" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d99_sons_of_anarchy_action_figs.jpg" alt="Sons of Anarchy Action Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd42056498f7f027e5509540f41352407da97105ea72c46ff934ab5666"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sons of Anarchy Action Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b6543fdd420564980f7c4beb32a4c6b86ca0da1a6b4782b5f3e2db9f516af950" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrol_mini_flask_key_chain.jpg" alt="Mini Flask Key Chain" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed324d22b359b2a4e6d10061c4bab841fd8a5c41a1c6ea8a7fa"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Mini Flask Key Chain</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3535a6a359cd12c08a797d26d86e402a76e1a3cd7494047af" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsr_hot_sauce_starter_set.jpg" alt="Hot Sauce Starter Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed35bc4eed2de4bc45e44598ca7293a9cc9f32726950154bb90"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hot Sauce Starter Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed38925b0d5243146dc94416a1f4b28745cc2745ac82a10c57c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsu_loch_ness_salt_pepper_oil_set.jpg" alt="Loch Ness Monster Salt Pepper and Oil Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed393c9d8c2fb1f50304351abda1cdbcd2c2ad1b100eb96785f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Loch Ness Monster Salt Pepper and Oil Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed362e28eae29a2bf27c19d1b28a140ad96a48aeb5a220a726d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqu_got_pop_keychains.jpg" alt="POP Keychain: Game of Thrones" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3e74103f96591f00824328a7ad6d7de829eef97112ff99f35"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>POP Keychain: Game of Thrones</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3483c132bcb4614e6f3c3991778c026fd9de519095b9eea9b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hron_dc_pop_keychains.jpg" alt="POP Keychain: DC" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed320510c12f95f104930be9f9e7ec03881903835ed5644a20c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>POP Keychain: DC</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed32cb7f9b59682c196f62a7c4664c1cd33d72c40f8d24f1784" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrp_dragonball_z_pop_vinyl_figs.jpg" alt="Dragonball Z Pop Vinyl Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed349917386e79e996a75b44d989ffa1f9bf90b97333ec46340"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dragonball Z Pop Vinyl Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed38dad8db70242915bd3683c658e2bed55fa13e8938e168a92" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvo_hrvo_tmnt_blind_box.jpg" alt="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Blind Box" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3ec10661137e5397ae02dd878ed178670166fd7517bfbdc3d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Blind Box</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3689476d0ba95c3f50b0520131767c347aeab6ceefeafd2c3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvq_nerf_rebelle_rapid_red.jpg" alt="Nerf Rebelle Rapid Red" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3ad6842065ecc4f8f988ea93396d15950af8e0d42df516029"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Nerf Rebelle Rapid Red</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3436725443543171a2381b87358ff01e5a37685a9ca96787a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f5b_panda_heat_change_mug.gif" alt="Panda Heat Change Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3c47ef08948fca30ec1ff8ecb0c8fe67ccf994238eee7225b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Panda Heat Change Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3466933fa61bfdcfb7326807eb4a31dd86bd179500c555525" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c8b_rabbids_invasion_mini_figs.jpg" alt="Rabbids Mini Figures Invasion Packs Series 2" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3a133b254ddc24cf5e4ba8c91dcf702ce809ede0798e50094"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rabbids Mini Figures Invasion Packs Series 2</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed34f58c9016260915d5db7328b573905483d1f4cb3fc48c20d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htgk_attack_on_titan_spinoffs_intro_set.jpg" alt="Attack On Titan Spinoffs Intro Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed32a2c89cdeaa7a4b5adfad564fb2020527d7d6d422a22ed16"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Attack On Titan Spinoffs Intro Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed33d18feb0d41ab03629962fb2284fbf616577d349ce82610d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsq_silent_things_signed_novel_patrick_rothfuss.jpg" alt="Slow Regard of Silent Things Autographed Edition" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed32c4489f635eeede660b0ce55c01fcc99c152207554396d8d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Slow Regard of Silent Things Autographed Edition</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed311c87d0af265b09aec5bcbb06e18ef2b736f2533288ba0f9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hslp_hario_fino_coffee_kettle.jpg" alt="Hario Fino Japanese Coffee Kettle" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3e4c3254a73469d27a0b8b458107885ff479646b225785bb8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hario Fino Japanese Coffee Kettle</b></a></p>
					</li>									<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3132014b88a2cdaedfe487aa86816d19bb4b2d85c76acaadc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1400_sonic_screwdriver_draft_excluder.jpg" alt="Sonic Screwdriver Draft Excluder" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3221f4bf3454e3f081a76a53e589c7f454f6fdca1c85fbbed"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sonic Screwdriver Draft Excluder</b></a></p>
					</li>					
					</ul>
					
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Cozy Up!</h3>
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed349d619ff0e1708b2ce5dc06d40087018b8cb525cf1e4158d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/112d_minecraft_creeper_youth_hoodie_silly.jpg" alt="Minecraft Creeper Premium Youth Zip Up Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3d2ca08c9d1b80271ecfe7ac5bbae4a4ab0bdb8aea9c0eb17"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft Creeper Premium Youth Zip Up Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed34cab153f061df9d96446c482e0aa55e523fe7cc56c2c34e4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/153b_giant_robot_slippers_with_sound.gif" alt="Giant Robot Slippers with Sound" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed31f6e2c81ee419ce34748874ef0d8ee3686501383e33e675c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Giant Robot Slippers with Sound</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3cee06e1e6bd843904a7dda034a393c89c3af16676f6e306a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f397_chewbacca_bathrobe.jpg" alt="Star Wars Chewbacca Robe" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3bb3fa79e8c5df8413e30044ca79d5842f488efdb8fac4ed4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Chewbacca Robe</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3a91b282e9634c6079b9a9bebf6e303421a4c26e3d1191724" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f284_plush_unicorn_slippers_for_grown_ups.jpg" alt="Plush Unicorn Slippers for Grown Ups" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed31f53dfb452b96dd55c4420ec503d9a70ef0fd712bbe56e3c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Plush Unicorn Slippers for Grown Ups</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed319146edd5f5da714c2ee5612a040f3392e2c629c8d7a7a82" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c44_periodic_table_of_elements_blanket.jpg" alt="Exclusive Periodic Table of Elements Blanket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3df632ec7308439bc33474cc6c062cb084a012d4c8533d131"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Periodic Table of Elements Blanket</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed322f3d874c64846da374e980a5cb81b6dde5ae83a484a8643" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ec64_doctor_who_bathrobes_both.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Bathrobes" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3c5dd9979aa1a7db3b8db9ef44d2304828ba2b1998d567050"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who Bathrobes</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3c436e3e65c6069843cbd152a1abccad9da3f0d2ec2b47291" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a00_st_tos_uniform_hoodie.jpg" alt="Star Trek The Original Series Uniform Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3f37197dedebcd3b867567357731f8075b9ab8aa74db850a8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek The Original Series Uniform Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3d857383bd172540fe3065b5446a74013b3587b8df6d100e8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/19cb_game_of_thrones_two_sided_fleece_blanket.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones Two-Sided Fleece Blanket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3e279d2074f6a3a6c6bc391317df64ae6d67047fedcbe8069"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game of Thrones Two-Sided Fleece Blanket</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3b728dc827685c03531efd5c112b449513516c15b388f2dd3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/12f1_sriracha_candy_canes.jpg" alt="Sriracha Candy Canes - 38% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3a3db8576ba0e22714bb42b1c017ef1cd4babf02dd5ab5180"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sriracha Candy Canes - 38% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed344e00be676c6cf85e564b1ea3fc61bdad5b4b776470c089f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f426_tardis_water_globe.jpg" alt="Doctor Who TARDIS Water Globe - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3c1d4e576abe7ccffcb5eb7d0f421dfed6d12163343b001b7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who TARDIS Water Globe - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3415eaffbce96750740383475486e462e1671201ccb77dd65" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/11b3_trek_rug.jpg" alt="Star Trek Rug - 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed33234a492e4e3d7148b8a3d07b242c9481a042c68cfe31820"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Rug - 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed39ff28c4a9e928c54f4c7942369b1ba8b66a313143360fe59" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f0b6_death_star_ice_tray.jpg" alt="Death Star Ice SPHERE Mold - 17% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3eaa4209ff8804fe34833385820684e90ac3434dddc969ffb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Death Star Ice SPHERE Mold - 17% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3df8410ac270c855263a57cee56770a489151b8ca9c7529f7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/60b6_airzooka.jpg" alt="Airzooka Air Gun - 23% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3124b5ab3c08c6b677633298d256df00f80ca803b908a2c21"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Airzooka Air Gun - 23% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed33ca0dc8ca980e171553b1a6b8fedbb3bbbe1da0ced9e8d1f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f13c_turret_blind_box.jpg" alt="Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets - Series 3 - 17% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed336361303ac6bde435ac55f99b7d3fa0eb0e32f1b38890260"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets - Series 3 - 17% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed308c03104cd45cb313d783e85ee1de6ef2c806a48c772973f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dcf_german_can-in-stein.jpg" alt="Das Can-in-Stein - up to 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed31ac870b3a4ce6b864dc8e89e5bfcbd11c03c3b3239f0e4d6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Das Can-in-Stein - up to 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3e6d060f3e686325b9fb3d06c5b83ebd3f85a95e2d111901b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/eef3_star_trek_tribble_slippers.jpg" alt="Star Trek Tribble Slippers with Sound - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3baa8db5f974d3d3f28ca15a7ee58c9963164248a860da867"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Tribble Slippers with Sound - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed31f86a038115ba4122528550507355f7674e3059102e14308" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-11-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="Whoa. This is heavy.

" title="Whoa. This is heavy.

" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>Whoa. This is heavy.

</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3708cac66dc714639853716a2fd864a78953aceb72b9949de" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 15px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Minigame Pain"</span><br />64 blisters<br />

Should not have used my palm, but<br />

It was worth the win</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Brenna from Raleigh, NC!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3cd400de6a2973a9f747948e56da2c523c409a19b5049eff3" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3cd400de6a2973a9f747948e56da2c523c409a19b5049eff3" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 0px; text-align: center;">
					<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3a4ed924c912585c6b4a33c836fbc11e64efeaaa99477eb25" ><img
src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-05-giftcenterbanner.jpg" width="600" height="75" border="0" title="Holiday Gift Center" alt="Holiday Gift Center" class="giftstationheader" /></a>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 15px 15px; margin: 0px auto; background-color: #eaf5e2;">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">
					<tr>
						<td>
						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Looking for Gifts?</b></span><b><br />Browse by category:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-bottom: 3px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3cf6afd3fc0c65002988bb2baf7aa65bfe4bb5b207727d733" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Bestsellers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed32d1cb80b412f1d95f35719f8e0b0ca48550ce73cb900556e" style="color: #134b65;" >Only @ ThinkGeek</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed30b5c1b406e6cf144ee2286ddbd5bf11c22802bc2dfe4a06f" style="color: #134b65;" >Stocking Stuffers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed341e85161ae7d1bdf54af41a79d3b93fdcec1b7e36f19f8dd" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Decor</a><br />
						
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed311ed59fbd282eec943cd39b7878d8435db8edd2b8a4a8737" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Him</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed342620d0d3ecf574bc2fd67c96c4936225550ca9c43b3751f" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Her</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed34d6606fa9581a172e4de711a6b747e9b615e0d869179f422" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Kids</a>
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3a668e76f1abf28c7916272ab6ad49f28447e484400dc8660" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $10</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3ecfdc9ae1f8d23072020d13e8e249e8ee7f8bff88084cd25" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $20</a><br />
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Need help?</b></span><br /><b>Monkeys are standing by 24/7:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed35b6a889ccd728264c3939c38ed476072af5abeaac0f0ad60" style="color: #134b65;" >Customer Service</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3c1638a94d22efa623938e1fe5926739c7a91798cfbff49e1" style="color: #134b65;" >Returns</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3e4db90593e07ecef36b8864f6e44ae6afe10626b2e6d9377" style="color: #134b65;" >Shipping Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3f339d038380075c5e6736d326f634125e6f1fec5b14fbc7b" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed346eb8cf8cd0eab122e1874c97d5d175914b81b7d9d2bf94f" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Certificates</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed330b6a4a4b5526d8e8dd59903dc4fbd6c19e4f1699bf5e3ef" style="color: #134b65;" >Wish Lists</a>
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Find us on:</b></span><br /><b>If you need us, we're here!</b><br /><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed31eef04c62f060ad5bcb2b5c0ac76ff710055981e1eaa5643" style="color: #134b65;"  >Facebook</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed373a8216a29f7ad167db67319a697ec8c955099b2817821ea" style="color: #134b65;" >Twitter</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed397a75c610afbbabf13fcc6c9369fed1e8a635a4b6bdb7d21" style="color: #134b65;" >Google+</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3504e0d72f14906b71b92e33e8832a12d4ad4639af657350f" style="color: #134b65;" >Pinterest</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3eb016b2672d0db8cde3085c5da9ca43564e24414ffc9fd74" style="color: #134b65;" >Instagram</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3e9a8e414542ed7e5ae381b4cbed4d7e9b198b9462dc5730b" style="color: #134b65;"  >YouTube</a></p>
						</li>
						</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>									
				</td>			
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
				
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed319b0a86e53456c8196d0c5ea329ae68204d22fb4bc825a76"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed36eac1bb4fffb26274f9cc2d8007338c4f7024979376dc5bc" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed3cf7634381b62dffe73a97f0701f04154a705e2cfd52d14c0"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed319f6daa2abb141f3ab900a1e6208c41e98a113a0a187d3a8"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed38ab7dd0619c863621407bb668aeb06f50e7b30f6d55055be"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=1eea2ca1bc560ed39cf2c989d086a0f3b506c83bac9fc2374663e9ef3b5ca5be"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f12796a218e54e941c55159b7b0b7baa8c826fb2afbde6314"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f2b4440d20855231368ce6a0ba627a9811f3ce6967fa362e6"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/youtube.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's YouTube" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=8b7e223b72f4b14f6c5b73f0b60372fea90650cce47e185cb73db2743d926c39" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--3qdqLpypMx8W=_?:--

