Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.182.233.43 with SMTP id tt11csp184817obc;
        Tue, 27 May 2014 11:52:26 -0700 (PDT)
X-Received: by 10.236.11.8 with SMTP id 8mr45758170yhw.97.1401216746613;
        Tue, 27 May 2014 11:52:26 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <bounce-1315852_HTML-969372463-62173654-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta.email.thinkgeek.com (mta.email.thinkgeek.com. [66.231.88.32])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id m70si26539550yhb.21.2014.05.27.11.52.26
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Tue, 27 May 2014 11:52:26 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1315852_HTML-969372463-62173654-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) client-ip=66.231.88.32;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1315852_HTML-969372463-62173654-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1315852_HTML-969372463-62173654-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com
Received: by mta.email.thinkgeek.com id hgjfek163hse for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Tue, 27 May 2014 12:35:31 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1315852_HTML-969372463-62173654-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: ThinkGeek goes on... and on... and on... and on....
Date: Tue, 27 May 2014 12:35:29 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc82157374610c78777b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe5d12727463077b7010-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe5d12727463077b7010-1315852_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_62173654
Message-ID: <c6e1feb4-b308-4ddd-a96c-b63d7bc513be@xtinmta478.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="TGJpfH839iFC=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--TGJpfH839iFC=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

You know of whom we speak

Saruman, Count Dracula, and, of course, Count Dooku - much like
Voltron, these three combine to form Sir Christopher Lee, who
turns 92 today. Someone here might have bought the 3.75" Jocasta
Nu action figure purely to get a tiny bronzium bust of
Christopher Lee for his tiny Jedi library (which also includes
such Jedi masters as Batman and Cthulhu). So on this day of
celebration, let's raise a toast to one of the best baddies out
there. Here's hoping you don't meet him in a dark corridor....

Infinite Dungeon Corridor #######################################

On and on it stretches.

Step up to the entrance to this dungeon and tremble. Before you
stretches a vast dungeon hallway lined by torches - except this
hallway doesn't bend. It stretches on into infinity and possibly
beyond. A new take on the old classic infinity mirror, the
Infinite Dungeon Corridor is the perfect ornamentation for your
desk or wall. But don't stop there: think of more creative things
to do with it. Perhaps it will be the thing that your next
tabletop gaming campaign will be fighting for control over. Or
maybe it will make you have the most epic dungeon master screen
ever. Infinite Dungeon Corridors make everything better. Just
don't aim them at each other. That might break spacetime as we
know it.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3d94032aabf2f66019014d4b6e40cce879016c3238e784e6

T-SHIRTS 2 FOR $20 ON OVER 250 STYLES ###########################

No code required! Ends 11:59pm ET 5/29/14

Shop now:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3d8f9012ffd92fe5a8ec258968cd3e2a6cb1019efc4331b8



What's New(s)! ##################################################

20% off Grillin' and Chillin' products - It's hot hot hot

Summer's almost here, and we're working our outdoor tolerance up.
The sun, it burns us, precioussss! But the outside world has some
advantages, like cookouts, pools, and frisbee golf. Oh, and
Ingress portals. Say hello again to the outside world with our
geeky solutions for your outdoor event, such as a soda bottle
launcher or our Tactical BBQ Fork. Everything in our  Grillin'
and Chillin' section is 20% off until 11:59pm ET 5/29.  
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3f5e8d8d9556e3b52692f89ed415eef74bae3f3f4ed46d89


ALL Star Trek 20% off - Live long and save some dough

Going planet-side is a big deal. There are all sorts of peoples
and cultures and foods for which to prepare. Whether it's an away
team mission or shore leave, you need to make sure you have the
right stuff. And we want to make sure you have the right gear,
too, without causing you to borrow from the Ferengi. Make it so.
All the goodies in our Star Trek section are 20% off until
11:59pm ET 5/29.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6ae1938c3cd2e0d601c5ad2c16f79a957a9d906b877b3d66


Father's Day Tee - My dad could stomp on your dad's head!

Having everyone's favorite Nintendo-inspired plumber as your dad
would be pretty epic. You'd never have to worry about leaks or
plumbing problems. You'd probably have a great allowance since he
spends a lot of his time getting coin. With his speed and
gathering skills, he could be a great cook for the family, and
the bib on his overalls could even double as an apron while he
was busy cooking something up. The only problem is that he puts
mushrooms on everything! Get this shirt with everyone's favorite
Nintendo-inspired plumber grilling up some dogs to say thanks to
a father figure in your life. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf816d03fcdc01a17be700bc4f84dacccbb954293697ea49d2


Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - Jedi Rocks

Ok, and now forget that "Jedi Rocks" ever happened. Fire up your
original recording of the Star Wars soundtrack and pop on these
headphones for the ultimate in John-Williams-listening
technology. With 40mm drivers and Quiescent Passive Noise
Cancellation, these headphones will make sure you hear only what
you want to hear. Mash that up with Star Wars and these are most
definitely the headphones you've been looking for. Four different
styles feature the colors and insignia of Boba Fett,
Stormtroopers, the Galactic Empire, and the Rebel Alliance. Plus,
you get a neato carrying case, so you'll always have headphones
ready for your trips between the stars.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6b34c2ddd2f393b724119d846b513b247ea165ce8d2fcf98


Doctor Who Cookie Cutters - Hope your tummy's bigger on the
inside

Let us summarize our cookie policy here at ThinkGeek: MORE =
BETTER. Wait. Our legal department just interrupted us... oh. The
boring kind of cookie policy? You can read about that <a
href="http://www.thinkgeek.com/opt-out-choices/"
alias="62173654_text_privacy" style="color: #0053a8;">here</a>.
We're sticking to what we said when it comes to the edible ones.
Witness the latest GeekLabs creation: Doctor Who Cookie Cutters.
Whip up a batch of timey-wimey cookies with this set of 5 cutters
including a TARDIS, a Cyberman, K9, Sonic Screwdriver (the
Eleventh's), and Dalek design. Each comes with an integrated,
spring-mounted die which imprints the design on the dough so
icing them becomes less of an endeavor requiring artistic skill.
Which is good for us. Much as we enjoy decorating cookies, we're
really here for one purpose: eating them.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa4ed47b92857bec17a217c984bf85e9c8edbced1a901b858


Galaxy Quest Model Kits - By Grabthar's hammer... 

Galaxy Quest: a story of love, bravery, redemption, shoulder
rolls, repeating the computer, and stars of a franchise trusting
the fans. It was a great movie, but sadly, not a lot of products
were made from it. After a lot of searching, however, we found a
cache of model kits that at least bring some Galaxy Quest
goodness into our lives. First, there's the N.S.E.A. Protector.
Sleek lines, clear blue panels, and a removable command ship (for
crash landings into conventions). And then there's the 2-Pack of
a Vox Comm. Unit and an Ion Nebulizer. Both feature spring-loaded
actions: the Vox pops open and the Ion Nebulizer's trigger works.
But we know you'll want both, so we made an easy to get set of
both kits. What a savings!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfde0221273ad855da956ba0c36fbbb6fbe891cec6d636e41d


PipSquigz & Squigz - These toys suck

Really, they do, because they are surrounded by suction cups.
Squigz are for bigger kids. You get 24 different pieces in 8
different shapes. Some have many suckers, some only a few, some
at right angles, some with longer arms, and all rubbery. Stick
them sucker to sucker (or sucker to any smooth surface) and you
can build crazy things all with the power of suction. pipSquigz
are the entry level version. Actually, this three pack is made
for tinies 6 months and up. They can be stuck together, but the
main goal is sensory stimulation in the young. Each rattles, has
a different color, and a different texture. And even better is
pipSquigz are BPA-free, so they're safe as teething toys. Squigz
and pipSquigz - suction is their function.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3de8a03f1c5a13c4ab97030c91d78be55366e0b2a325ef3c


DIY Modern Mobile Kit - Calder-ify your workplace

Art is nice and makes things pretty, but it's also expensive and
non-customizable. Until now. Based on the work of the father of
the mobile, Alexander Calder, this DIY Mobile kit is a fun way to
explore balance, equilibrium, levers, and end up with art! So not
only is this kit a fun DIY art project, it could easily adapt
into a wicked science fair experiment. Plus, since everything is
modular, so you can build a mobile and change or redo it any time
you want. You can also combine as many kits as you want into one
super-huge, awesometacular mobile of power. Mr. Calder would be
proud. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf071e162ad2ecaa3a1fb7582c210663455d10211cc4936150


Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - The Final
Frontier of Who?

Regardless of how good the story or art was in the comic Star
Trek: The Next Generation/Doctor Who: Assimilation2, the concept
of the 11th Doctor and friends meeting Captain Picard and crew is
fan-frickin'-tastic. And pair them up to fight a Borg/Cybermen
alliance and our mind blows out of our ear holes. And to
celebrate this pairing, we have this neato collector's set.
First, you get the lunchbox featuring art from the comic by J.K.
Woodward. Inside, you'll find two monitor mates of the TARDIS and
the Enterprise D. There are also some extra bits included to make
a diorama of the ships busting out of the comic cover. For fans
of Doctor Who and Star Trek: TNG, this is the crossover of your
dreams.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf01c987524fa49a213bd9d1fe7b9a94d3c7da62531affa318


Little Big Time Wall Clock - Synecdoche in motion

The passage of time is marked by the transit of the sun across
the sky, the moon through the constellations, and gentle
oscillations of cesium atoms. Unless you're an android, are
Vulcan, or Dr. Manhattan, you're not likely to watch the passage
of time without some kind of visual aid. Something like the
Little Big Time Wall Clock, perhaps. This minimalist wall clock
with no numbers fits into a 17 1/2" circular space. Yup. No
numbers. Time is more relaxed and ambiguous with this clock
around. You can tell what the little hand is on and vaguely where
the big hand is pointing, which is really all you need. It's a
good reminder to let go.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa2f515dc8ff595e8a7479c5a039bb61e25914b55d0d1be28


Ghostbusters 30th Anniversary Art Print - Who you gonna call?

Ray. Egon. Winston. Peter. The four horsemen of the not-pocalype.
They stood up to ghosts in libraries. The held their ground when
faced with giant men made of sugar. And they took New York back
from the grasp of forces beyond our plane of existence. 30 years
ago. To cheer us up from being so old, we found this celebratory
poster of the men with unlicensed nuclear accelerators strapped
to their backs. The heroic quartet are artistically silhouetted
against the city with the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man looming in
the distance. A lovely reminder that there's only one group we'd
call to rid our house of strange noises and feelings of dread:
Ghostbusters!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf260463af30f251b722bf074d25dccd09e7a2b32343696b5d


Game of Thrones Legacy Figures - Lights... Camera... Action
Figures

It might just be us, but, man, sometimes George R.R Martin leaves
us wanting to stab certain characters. And now we have the means.
These 6" figures from HBO's Game of Thrones feature 20+ points of
articulation and character-specific accessories. Pick Jon Snow,
Daenerys Targaryen, The Hound, Ned Stark, Tyrion Lannister, or a
White Walker. Note that they're compatible with Star Wars Black
6" Action Figures - Daenerys with a lightsaber, anybody?
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb1eeb73297213592817e834d876e143691af14bcdae669df


Minecraft 3" Hangers Blind Foil Packs - Full of surprisesssssss

Minecraft is full of surprises. Pick pick pick... emerald ore!
Pick pick pick... abandoned mine shaft! Pick pick pick... lava!
Oooh. Sorry. So it only seems right that these Minecraft zipper
pull figures are blind-packed so that they're also full of
surprises. What's that mean? They're random. We cannot tell
what's in the package. It could be one of 13 different figures.
You'll only find out when you get them home and tear the wrapper
open. You might get Steve, Skeleton, Creeper, Zombie Pigman,
Zombie, Cow, Sheep (in four colors!), Pig, Sword, or Pickaxe. The
alternate colors of sheep (pink, red, and blue) are rare. Once
you've uncovered your surprise, you can take these little
Minecraft figures with you wherever you go, because they're meant
for that. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf53e7e59fee987b3e33dae682d9602fcfdea72b0db80c34b6


Firefly Blue Sun Baseball Cap - Live life with Blue Sun!

Evil megacorporations of the future, we love you so. We love this
one so much we designed for it an officially-licensed Firefly
baseball cap. We can imagine Blue Sun giving these to new
corporate employees, except if Blue Sun handed them out they'd
probably have trackers built-in. (These don't. We checked.)
(Twice.) These 6-panel, 100% cotton, navy blue baseball caps with
adjustable hook-and-loop closure feature a puffy, embroidered
Blue Sun logo in bright blue, and a small embroidered Firefly
logo on the back. One size fits most adult human noggins. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe3cacd2f684c74c261023fb0295bcd453c5fb44a9a1f82bc


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3a19b70ad1ffeafddcfc3e83c7f4c04c2009eff4b5bd115f

Breaking Bad iPhone Cases
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa509bd0dc5efe33751eacfd3802b2488af5ff59584c542bc

Walking Dead iPhone Cases
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf5a02f6ee00b4eb1f3536044c198c0cbb2ce0d5e2acad6fe6

Valar Morghulis with Arya
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff310737be3c0e511e933985809b7f861057a848d9998f89b

Exclusive Game of Thrones Sigil Poster 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc0a036bd703146bfef90dd35cf7487a2e1cffc94b5c45c57

Game of Thrones Two-Sided Fleece Blanket 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf8921f72009cfc7dbf77a76fed96c733372a70515e0f82ff5

Game of Thrones: Map Marker Set with Map
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf100799b03cc0bf1c288fc09c5729e2ed2987ec6eef2eb6e9

Insect Pushpins
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf05e62b76364983ad497548832d1a1f19e939c118da8ec21a

Bacon Charm Bracelet
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9060ed30d9d2c30130aef6267875b950d0a7621e0f2cd330

Moleskine Evernote Journal 2-Pack
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd02e55a10996b586fb757aa2ecc19c76e7c6d57784499556

Trio - Triple Adapter Charging Cable
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf55363cfcd6f821658bf67302029677e2b5a7adf532659f42

HanzMoto Genius Blocks
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa18811cb9dba3e29491f14a2a545f63b2027a7c380014d48

Chaos Bunny Blind Box Figures
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe28366f49a32be2c561a5ea0f6d5669cd22d4f7063fa8546

Adventure Time Character Carnival Cup
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9ac07ef52a2896f367144b4b2f0eea456c2e68aede7ba787

Breakfast Lollipop Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf519b3ba45d376766dc84c912e18ee81461fcb42752e0d3bf

New Apparel! ####################################################

The Walking Grads
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6a8a4f54cf7ccf25062db2b2ee8fccf873185c0444769f74

Admiral Ackbar
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd3046e639499781817d1ba443f2798e5c681bcd719d699f6

Tentacle Kitty Babydoll
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2bf11a621fa307f5fb2486ed92993f3d2848111466ef1cb9

A Long Time Ago Bodysuit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf0297b755227f59d9ed0f077785eff2a1bdceae5a0e3d4d72

Good Guy Sublimated Tank Top
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6644150402db947c61fb430a31845bfbf066647162d34dd8

Star Wars 77 Logo Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe96570551d338c876a1e7bf9ce7f27cda8b9cdfb34dfe97a

Darth Vader Costume Tank Top
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf47616a23b73e0ec8562508eda83a1b878a6ebbe2ac7c4136

Attack on Titan Belt
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf7bcef8781cbc0818c61c09213acc8b2c0c414e7bc65735ad

TARDIS Union Jack Glow
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3c55238c36ad523b8397e783f7e446168032312e1bf1aaff

Bowling Pins
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc474fac9a7c3e9f427eaba39a518e8ae2d6f4d67a02d0c1b

Goonies Astoria
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf50ffd9d812c054454b53ab2ea80b749a7212801f6ba895e3

Goku Symbol
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9c80dff0ef6642e274945426c6fc507ee535c0b3522d9c31

Star Wars Lounge Pants
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb4dd8e272775b3cfc501a90540cb92a15bd3a08e8e156fbf

Boba Fett Helmet Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd55e0f4a669e8df8a01a5a4234d61a3039cc382a088ba34a

Star Trek TNG Never Forget
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf66f86b598fb4f436bfcf7efe9d858a8525bebfe4dfce8e60

C is for Captain America Kids' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf992f4d27146b5b804fb51b370ed305479946ee677ac3c857

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Plants vs. Zombies Lawn Ornament - 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf1fcba4280c497e554e662e86b37eaaa6d49d005e67bce224

Prankster Pack - 17% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf958f263fd202ab74d83d268fd8f60ba88620992b974ea5b8

Beer Soap - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf39bc0cb25d757c8f45243358ffaac18926f9a01bb53ef320

Marvel Iron Man 3 Arc Reactor Light-Up Coasters - 67% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf225aeb75abf51f182ec035beb121c834e6d67bdd37c0e979

Doctor Who Disappearing TARDIS Pint Glasses - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf790ac5fab6568accd300e78cefaa088cfcee23e24efc6a76

Star Trek Retro Episode Posters - 40% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf251894a6e64e2bd49a21a85032c1e5eabe081462f904d796

Butterfly Knife Styled Multi Tool - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb0d48e3ef9327616eae2f23bc52c425e788d9cab7a566209

Tactical BBQ Gift Pack - 29% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfbf2a430d463a02a625c1b7b3fb8e90dda7d36da73faa4f91

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Now, let's discuss my fee

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf7c7dc8e41a4bd6baf1c9d5ffdb809215e6f1536336103e29

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf234ddac44bd32673a96be1825ed3597ccf45450ca8018615

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Laura P. from
Syracuse, NY! We lovingly title this winning haiku "The Walking
Head":

Brains, blood, never sleeps.
Am I a Zombie? Just a
Neuroscientist.

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf5cec8f028e42318f104d67b04f2d6dea32b0b3bf1f57d963

Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf8dd32ea6c3a508ebc739b478fc9acd3e180a649731605356

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf4eb226227f7999915533ac93de9df8f0a0d892c94339cd06

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfff511620056015595ddb4f810aaf397594d6436dc10c55e6

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff73439ea8227ca4c74db4f57c072cc72e97ceb82fc539e3b

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf7c57623f75e900b2a46aee7bca6aaa8f9e778d4fb2e62137

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfdbbacf8b6d8783609df51da1052a3e0a6cf0173825eb7455

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfbc61ca722f78801aaf64dbe2e32067eb7557c8a0ab1665bd

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf168f33697ca22c75a6690984dc38c195e82b03073edb16fc

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf20715339724f7ba2e72a51b635033fb5379935e960a15bcb

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff8117e20bb748805f0a79ea8f2e44762750944853c11d14d

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff44b58ad985b22410cdb852ae00684daf622648f5028a07c

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3ab99bd404a597306087b3ebc931aa4b4471c07f2e8c7f19

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6551d7941b0c83b50d4bb7af4ac66274e06b2bf1e465722c

OMGWTFUN! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf13ab4ac8f8da7d52ef1f43a6f20b1b9089a3bd5a1d78df0f

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd2db696892d3bce88b57b1a2d675b52d5533aa3626128713

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf071c0e1f3e1c54a30a0f087409e73f9fed5c1a77f77a2b7f *
About returns or order info --> orders@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff673bb4bc33643c219abc606a7e49b9e44e7b8a6285c73e3

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

########################################################### 
S  T U  F  F  F  O R   S  M  A  R  T   M  A  S  S  E  S
###########################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfbc61ca722f78801aaf64dbe2e32067eb7557c8a0ab1665bd

/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--TGJpfH839iFC=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe5d12727463077b7010-fdfc1d717465057e761c7471-fec915717d630579-fe96157374610c7877-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10037" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		div.wrapper {background-image: url(http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/robozombies.png); background-position: center bottom !important; background-repeat: repeat-x;}
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=wrapper] {background-image: url(http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/robozombies-white.png) !important; } 
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 127px !important; height: 49px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=wrapper] {background-image: url(http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/robozombies-white.png) !important; } 
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 127px !important; height: 49px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Plus 2 for $20 tees - over 250 styles!</div>

<div style="background-color: #2b2b2b; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;" class="wrapper">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #969696; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf0f371035e85248a3bc37ef098040453e0f9eccc00af852c7" style="color: #557896;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf0f371035e85248a3bc37ef098040453e0f9eccc00af852c7" style="color: #557896;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #1b1b1b 0%, #2b2b2b 40%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#2b2b2b', endColorstr='#1b1b1b'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 70%, left bottom, from(#2b2b2b), to(#1b1b1b));">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf515df45b5aa72114da2b8f6f46721f774362cfaf75d7b180" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/tg-logo-email.gif" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="170" height="63" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #c1c1c1 !important; vertical-align: bottom; margin: 0px -20px 5px 0px; padding: 0px;" valign="bottom" class="news"><b>The ThinkGeek Newsletter!</b>
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-timmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; margin-bottom: -9px; padding: 0px;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #00426f; border-top: 1px solid #000000; background-color: #0063a7;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #00426f; padding-top: 10px; background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #0063a7 30%, #0084c5 70%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#0084c5', endColorstr='#0063a7'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 50%, left bottom, from(#0084c5), to(#0063a7));"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf27efb22e4693714149a943759776257eb15c2ee2e74b0c18" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #00426f; padding-top: 10px; background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #0063a7 30%, #0084c5 70%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#0084c5', endColorstr='#0063a7'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 50%, left bottom, from(#0084c5), to(#0063a7));"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfaa5447eb43c1033ee33121f8961e2854f209f453b40b4f78" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #00426f; padding-top: 10px; background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #0063a7 30%, #0084c5 70%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#0084c5', endColorstr='#0063a7'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 50%, left bottom, from(#0084c5), to(#0063a7));"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa17341bf3a4d7e54a730017e0e2667beabea8bd1e2e29675" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #00426f; padding-top: 10px; background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #0063a7 30%, #0084c5 70%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#0084c5', endColorstr='#0063a7'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 50%, left bottom, from(#0084c5), to(#0063a7));"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf502a9e425b2f7d4c1b792b45afdd66c4f5f4c3477f5acbfc" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #0063a7 30%, #0084c5 70%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#0084c5', endColorstr='#0063a7'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 50%, left bottom, from(#0084c5), to(#0063a7));"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb2ed1e0e0c7d58b9be4e4fc5e191c56e2e083e00e7ef6c63" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>ON SALE</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>

		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6018de1e59667080ca604eab92039c51c32b40a973be1d4b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-05-27-infinitecorridor.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="Infinite Dungeon Corridor" title="Infinite Dungeon Corridor" class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 5px 0px;" /><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6896e04edc98c85e8ec61951eb412e25dc127bc063680e9c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-05-27-tshirtsale.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="T-SHIRTS 2 FOR $20 ON OVER 250 STYLES" title="T-SHIRTS 2 FOR $20 ON OVER 250 STYLES" class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 10px 0px;" />
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #c8d6e1 0%, #e7edf2 10%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#e7edf2', endColorstr='#c8d6e1'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left 90%, left bottom, from(#e7edf2), to(#c8d6e1)); background-color: #e7edf2; padding: 12px 0px; border-top: 1px solid #dbdbdb; border-bottom: 10px solid #2b2b2b;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">You know of whom we speak</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">Saruman, Count Dracula, and, of course, Count Dooku - much like Voltron, these three combine to form Sir Christopher Lee, who turns 92 today. Someone here might have bought the 3.75" Jocasta Nu action figure purely to get a tiny bronzium bust of Christopher Lee for his tiny Jedi library (which also includes such Jedi masters as Batman and Cthulhu). So on this day of celebration, let's raise a toast to one of the best baddies out there. Here's hoping you don't meet him in a dark corridor....</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px; clear:both; ">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
									<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe3334de3ac9b5161f362c1dfe33226081bdc6fc2404b1679" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >20% off Grillin' and Chillin' products - It's hot hot hot</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf18270582b774db5fe213a7a45729015681b9c3d14ec2c19a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-05-27-20offgrillin.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see 20% off Grillin' and Chillin' products - It's hot hot hot" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Summer's almost here, and we're working our outdoor tolerance up. The sun, it burns us, precioussss! But the outside world has some advantages, like cookouts, pools, and frisbee golf. Oh, and Ingress portals. Say hello again to the outside world with our geeky solutions for your outdoor event, such as a soda bottle launcher or our Tactical BBQ Fork. Everything in our  Grillin' and Chillin' section is 20% off until 11:59pm ET 5/29. <br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfaccb4947104c415549f91fc4a0d9e92ac6d78b72d5645fb4" style="color: #0053a8;" >20% off Grillin' and Chillin' products - It's hot hot hot</a></p>										</td>
				</tr>			
				<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc0f0cc19bc279560c42965df7a96f575b31c1c18c26bb141" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >ALL Star Trek 20% off - Live long and save some dough</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfdf323aa71b759640366183151af15c6a21e6fee836a76c8c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-05-27-20offstartrek.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see ALL Star Trek 20% off - Live long and save some dough" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Going planet-side is a big deal. There are all sorts of peoples and cultures and foods for which to prepare. Whether it's an away team mission or shore leave, you need to make sure you have the right stuff. And we want to make sure you have the right gear, too, without causing you to borrow from the Ferengi. Make it so. All the goodies in our Star Trek section are 20% off until 11:59pm ET 5/29. <br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf62813acc68944234799ad0d29923062e51a0a4fb127e9fc8" style="color: #0053a8;" >ALL Star Trek 20% off - Live long and save some dough</a></p>										</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf994a586e94c564a4a7c50bd8785ddde06630c279eb64724b" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Father's Day Tee - My dad could stomp on your dad's head!</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf5e6ba11e9ecad0c8294b7fb65085eb0f8206c564eaaa7e10" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/1e02_fathers_day_2014_dd_140.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Father's Day Tee - My dad could stomp on your dad's head!" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Having everyone's favorite Nintendo-inspired plumber as your dad would be pretty epic. You'd never have to worry about leaks or plumbing problems. You'd probably have a great allowance since he spends a lot of his time getting coin. With his speed and gathering skills, he could be a great cook for the family, and the bib on his overalls could even double as an apron while he was busy cooking something up. The only problem is that he puts mushrooms on everything! Get this shirt with everyone's favorite Nintendo-inspired plumber grilling up some dogs to say thanks to a father figure in your life. <br />
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf1372a4ee4a9586b70ffc1995ed0a6d18df0d38736beec478" style="color: #0053a8;" >Father's Day Tee - My dad could stomp on your dad's head!</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf571a785ea86d968cf3ecc9244c860f54616518b1db61ad10" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - Jedi Rocks</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf56f8ca9ae4ae870a34b6809cde2cfe7741f882dc1202d465" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1c7f_star_wars_first_edition_on-ear_headphones.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - Jedi Rocks" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Ok, and now forget that "Jedi Rocks" ever happened. Fire up your original recording of the Star Wars soundtrack and pop on these headphones for the ultimate in John-Williams-listening technology. With 40mm drivers and Quiescent Passive Noise Cancellation, these headphones will make sure you hear only what you want to hear. Mash that up with Star Wars and these are most definitely the headphones you've been looking for. Four different styles feature the colors and insignia of Boba Fett, Stormtroopers, the Galactic Empire, and the Rebel Alliance. Plus, you get a neato carrying case, so you'll always have
 headphones ready for your trips between the stars.<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf0cfd8c5f42a3f444ceaded35fdc7e7d143fbb52d25843e82" style="color: #0053a8;" >Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - Jedi Rocks</a></p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2a5da1bdd5cc7b118760dd380ccaec8bca19c550b744bec0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Doctor Who Cookie Cutters - Hope your tummy's bigger on the inside</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe3be8e53aada23e5e4f32018c85db613d32160d88561453a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/f15c_doctor_who_cookie_cutters.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Doctor Who Cookie Cutters - Hope your tummy's bigger on the inside" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Let us summarize our cookie policy here at ThinkGeek: MORE = BETTER. Wait. Our legal department just interrupted us... oh. The boring kind of cookie policy? You can read about that <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf21a0ef232c9faf99ff7c163bfe29bb03e1b9c98cb3fb3d16"  style="color: #0053a8;">here
</a>. We're sticking to what we said when it comes to the edible ones. Witness the latest GeekLabs creation: Doctor Who Cookie Cutters. Whip up a batch of timey-wimey cookies with this set of 5 cutters including a TARDIS, a Cyberman, K9, Sonic Screwdriver (the Eleventh's), and Dalek design. Each comes with an integrated, spring-mounted die which imprints the design on the dough so icing them becomes less of an endeavor requiring artistic skill. Which is good for us. Much as we enjoy decorating cookies, we're really here for one purpose: eating them.<br />
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf48e37c2b96f192e6760a931d59a67d8373d10a2d6bf37c39" style="color: #0053a8;" >Doctor Who Cookie Cutters - Hope your tummy's bigger on the inside</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf484f2f8068ee045198d45c447cce4d409c390f51a762a73f" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Galaxy Quest Model Kits - By Grabthar's hammer...</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb09aed75ea468126c8411a6957de55d4a4c4735f6aedf732" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1c41_galaxy_quest_model_kits.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Galaxy Quest Model Kits - By Grabthar's hammer..." width="130" height="94" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Galaxy Quest: a story of love, bravery, redemption, shoulder rolls, repeating the computer, and stars of a franchise trusting the fans. It was a great movie, but sadly, not a lot of products were made from it. After a lot of searching, however, we found a cache of model kits that at least bring some Galaxy Quest goodness into our lives. First, there's the N.S.E.A. Protector. Sleek lines, clear blue panels, and a removable command ship (for crash landings into conventions). And then there's the 2-Pack of a Vox Comm. Unit and an Ion Nebulizer. Both feature spring-loaded actions: the Vox pops open and the Ion
 Nebulizer's trigger works. But we know you'll want both, so we made an easy to get set of both kits. What a savings!<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc8910e382c56ef317e919025c2533c18599e08e02072d0bd" style="color: #0053a8;" >Galaxy Quest Model Kits - By Grabthar's hammer...</a></p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf12d0b82f6ba8385ed98428bee16263bd66e827d92f8e3a40" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >PipSquigz & Squigz - These toys suck</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf61f0356c2a85b03a73bfee31779ad13b2b15f1d62b4a8542" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-05-27-squigz.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see PipSquigz & Squigz - These toys suck" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Really, they do, because they are surrounded by suction cups. Squigz are for bigger kids. You get 24 different pieces in 8 different shapes. Some have many suckers, some only a few, some at right angles, some with longer arms, and all rubbery. Stick them sucker to sucker (or sucker to any smooth surface) and you can build crazy things all with the power of suction. pipSquigz are the entry level version. Actually, this three pack is made for tinies 6 months and up. They can be stuck together, but the main goal is sensory stimulation in the young. Each rattles, has a different color, and a different texture. And
 even better is pipSquigz are BPA-free, so they're safe as teething toys. Squigz and pipSquigz - suction is their function.<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf472717473f3eab28201ae6a9b071e3bc3a845affa7cb0612" style="color: #0053a8;" >PipSquigz & Squigz - These toys suck</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf0ed3c66189afab7a27675670cb215d91bd30416253ba8abe" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >DIY Modern Mobile Kit - Calder-ify your workplace</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfacdfd5605513abb8786a59e44b7ad5f1892af82018762119" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1c7d_diy_modern_mobile_kit.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see DIY Modern Mobile Kit - Calder-ify your workplace" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Art is nice and makes things pretty, but it's also expensive and non-customizable. Until now. Based on the work of the father of the mobile, Alexander Calder, this DIY Mobile kit is a fun way to explore balance, equilibrium, levers, and end up with art! So not only is this kit a fun DIY art project, it could easily adapt into a wicked science fair experiment. Plus, since everything is modular, so you can build a mobile and change or redo it any time you want. You can also combine as many kits as you want into one super-huge, awesometacular mobile of power. Mr. Calder would be proud.<br />
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfcfd02537a676b17d4b637367eb7bf3d4fcec8914783afd5f" style="color: #0053a8;" >DIY Modern Mobile Kit - Calder-ify your workplace</a></p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2a24b7c476e2baa17d19a63582f774d28881e59644d52826" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - The Final Frontier of Who?</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfbe83c8ac6a1d7c298a61c42d86557c8dc3345c8feb9013f0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1b85_dw_st_monitor_mates_collector_set.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - The Final Frontier of Who?" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Regardless of how good the story or art was in the comic Star Trek: The Next Generation/Doctor Who: Assimilation2, the concept of the 11th Doctor and friends meeting Captain Picard and crew is fan-frickin'-tastic. And pair them up to fight a Borg/Cybermen alliance and our mind blows out of our ear holes. And to celebrate this pairing, we have this neato collector's set. First, you get the lunchbox featuring art from the comic by J.K. Woodward. Inside, you'll find two monitor mates of the TARDIS and the Enterprise D. There are also some extra bits included to make a diorama of the ships busting out of the comic
 cover. For fans of Doctor Who and Star Trek: TNG, this is the crossover of your dreams.<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf18b76eb7bf4eb16d62c2b1ebfb46175abc557fdc7e762687" style="color: #0053a8;" >Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - The Final Frontier of Who?</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf42b0aa30e9a6aedd20f75d3d7e97bd53c627f4297d80e387" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Little Big Time Wall Clock - Synecdoche in motion</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf182d62bf504726326e4a26e7455262f6d4da67f1ed9f8e62" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1c60_little_big_time_wall_clock.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Little Big Time Wall Clock - Synecdoche in motion" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The passage of time is marked by the transit of the sun across the sky, the moon through the constellations, and gentle oscillations of cesium atoms. Unless you're an android, are Vulcan, or Dr. Manhattan, you're not likely to watch the passage of time without some kind of visual aid. Something like the Little Big Time Wall Clock, perhaps. This minimalist wall clock with no numbers fits into a 17 1/2" circular space. Yup. No numbers. Time is more relaxed and ambiguous with this clock around. You can tell what the little hand is on and vaguely where the big hand is pointing, which is really all you need. It's a
 good reminder to let go.<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf98bd031edef627b85e86bb4d863c1a7feca19e19f21ef4e5" style="color: #0053a8;" >Little Big Time Wall Clock - Synecdoche in motion</a></p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfde9362f9a759f866b264a4c72878f31fe4c4a9431c83d970" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Ghostbusters 30th Anniversary Art Print - Who you gonna call?</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2cbe1c4abcf23d4762f024716569471d949844192c6699a4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1cb9_ghostbusters_30th_anniv_art_print.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Ghostbusters 30th Anniversary Art Print - Who you gonna call?" width="98" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Ray. Egon. Winston. Peter. The four horsemen of the not-pocalype. They stood up to ghosts in libraries. The held their ground when faced with giant men made of sugar. And they took New York back from the grasp of forces beyond our plane of existence. 30 years ago. To cheer us up from being so old, we found this celebratory poster of the men with unlicensed nuclear accelerators strapped to their backs. The heroic quartet are artistically silhouetted against the city with the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man looming in the distance. A lovely reminder that there's only one group we'd call to rid our house of strange
 noises and feelings of dread: Ghostbusters!<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3d8d554b3d187dc6d39d30ea1b930b7234fa70f28afe9785" style="color: #0053a8;" >Ghostbusters 30th Anniversary Art Print - Who you gonna call?</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe0799444243815d0962e624e025210d7d9d821a35dac8f87" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Game of Thrones Legacy Figures - Lights... Camera... Action Figures</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf03b59a0ccaf83e5edb1ef68cb731ce8c46bac39c217af9dd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1d35_game_of_thrones_legacy_figs.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Game of Thrones Legacy Figures - Lights... Camera... Action Figures" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">It might just be us, but, man, sometimes George R.R Martin leaves us wanting to stab certain characters. And now we have the means. These 6" figures from HBO's Game of Thrones feature 20+ points of articulation and character-specific accessories. Pick Jon Snow, Daenerys Targaryen, The Hound, Ned Stark, Tyrion Lannister, or a White Walker. Note that they're compatible with Star Wars Black 6" Action Figures - Daenerys with a lightsaber, anybody?<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfaf900b78780cbe6228fa9bb1dfe3673f66ead82d3ae6fe0d" style="color: #0053a8;" >Game of Thrones Legacy Figures - Lights... Camera... Action Figures</a>
</p>										</td>
				</tr>			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd6bbd512d770622c1ce8c874a33d848ed71a1808b0d604cd" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Minecraft 3" Hangers Blind Foil Packs - Full of surprisesssssss</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cffe2f84ec59d37204bac4e234a058d38079bcd1d0fc411768" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1b33_minecraft_backpack_zipper_pulls_blind_pack.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Minecraft 3 inch Hangers Blind Foil Packs - Full of surprisesssssss" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Minecraft is full of surprises. Pick pick pick... emerald ore! Pick pick pick... abandoned mine shaft! Pick pick pick... lava! Oooh. Sorry. So it only seems right that these Minecraft zipper pull figures are blind-packed so that they're also full of surprises. What's that mean? They're random. We cannot tell what's in the package. It could be one of 13 different figures. You'll only find out when you get them home and tear the wrapper open. You might get Steve, Skeleton, Creeper, Zombie Pigman, Zombie, Cow, Sheep (in four colors!), Pig, Sword, or Pickaxe. The alternate colors of sheep (pink, red, and blue) are
 rare. Once you've uncovered your surprise, you can take these little Minecraft figures with you wherever you go, because they're meant for that.<br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf948c1aa1df1032bebce0e47e08b8c0cf7cfff599a09c9af7" style="color: #0053a8;" >Minecraft 3" Hangers Blind Foil Packs - Full of surprisesssssss</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>						
				<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
				<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #0063a7 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfbc5aab29b4e3a749a484b01204574c7614b686c7253433f0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #0063a7 !important;" >Firefly Blue Sun Baseball Cap - Live life with Blue Sun!</a></h3>
											<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf310d11bb894fdf3696f97c444996978797f918dbb62d6842" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/153d_firefly_blue_sun_baseball_cap.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Firefly Blue Sun Baseball Cap - Live life with Blue Sun!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Evil megacorporations of the future, we love you so. We love this one so much we designed for it an officially-licensed Firefly baseball cap. We can imagine Blue Sun giving these to new corporate employees, except if Blue Sun handed them out they'd probably have trackers built-in. (These don't. We checked.) (Twice.) These 6-panel, 100% cotton, navy blue baseball caps with adjustable hook-and-loop closure feature a puffy, embroidered Blue Sun logo in bright blue, and a small embroidered Firefly logo on the back. One size fits most adult human noggins. <br />
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf34497edf7c209af5cd964396b3aa05d0e3b136d5ee87d1c2" style="color: #0053a8;" >Firefly Blue Sun Baseball Cap - Live life with Blue Sun!</a></p>					</td>
				</tr>	
				</table>	

		<!-- NEW SHIRTS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #2b2b2b;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf1f16c5a17e14750ead9120d7a90d8b629b88e88d22e4751e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dee_walking_grads_mb.jpg" alt="The Walking Grads" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfbef39dcd47bcdd15d0cc70e1dd9df76a31aa16a9981e58b1"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>The Walking Grads</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfba9ffdfe822016486f4f7ab37805f3feef29ba6b2bbc482c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c65_admiral_ackbar_mb.jpg" alt="Admiral Ackbar" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf8d738e5981cf0cff435d1166529c99827eb2000db5b9e826"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Admiral Ackbar</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2f277e302b54ad7961c60bb24bb0792673c265aa97a89130" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ce5_tentacle_kitty_babydoll_mb.jpg" alt="Tentacle Kitty Babydoll" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb0441008379b5a7b51242e5b377b770fd9c7776bf21e6ee2"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Tentacle Kitty Babydoll</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2b30c300f81e491a68f72110ade45a90dcd4f5a5a3ae7443" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1bc8_a_long_time_ago_bodysuit.jpg" alt="A Long Time Ago Bodysuit" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfef5dd98ceb7238282d9657012abdcd7dcb72db69c134b713"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>A Long Time Ago Bodysuit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf5279dd5dd7d9c367e0d87bd61af7deedcc250226dba3baae" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c90_good_guys_sublimated_tank.jpg" alt="Good Guy Sublimated Tank Top" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa2e98998f74e518eb78d90950f4d1ce6500826e42b1e2d8d"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Good Guy Sublimated Tank Top</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf20d9dbd2f88ea03a5f06709800b5f9f46728d0a9b88f7190" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c8f_star_wars_77_logo_ladies_tee.jpg" alt="Star Wars 77 Logo Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfedcebc954c1b937a96e84060fd2f7e5839f67f6058e2cba4"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Star Wars 77 Logo Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf30aae6ed65754cdef55194523fd01528a94f43a895f862b0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ce1_darth_vader_costume_tank_top.jpg" alt="Darth Vader Costume Tank Top" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2a399c4b5449d065426fcad13c3353cf25e9b27516ab3f42"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Darth Vader Costume Tank Top</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc43901b95be1124e9b8b03db3e7d47c7511856a432776f21" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c99_attac_on_titans_belt.jpg" alt="Attack on Titan Belt" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfdfe525751d0a6dfc21328dc750f67d3041c3194c5001ef9b"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Attack on Titan Belt</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2f330dfdd9658dfb7725278c6f216ebb0cfbd9a903fd9c8f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dd3_tardis_unionjack_glow_mb.jpg" alt="TARDIS Union Jack Glow" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe86e63106620e4003380ce3d72a132dd47c5b5e5837ee824"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>TARDIS Union Jack Glow</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe8aa0d962e25a2aa9fced67fa52b868eb18817330070157d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dd5_bowling_pins_mb1.jpg" alt="Bowling Pins" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa08dd3d7ece60439c5779afebc1a407fa5c39f11cff861da"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Bowling Pins</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cffc91d5624092e3e8fd14abbcfa0573dd6b5c74c244403434" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dd6_goonies_astoria_mb.jpg" alt="Goonies Astoria" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe4a5c0776cf5418a7ab3b3e32b8481388e13ce96bbd2f03c"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Goonies Astoria</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa2a7987ea260d65a7ae948b9d0f5c938394f28da69fae00c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dd7_goku_symbol1_mb.jpg" alt="Goku Symbol" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf867bb29f4de7e2c0e2e735581e9f3baf4cf1976af4fc3090"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Goku Symbol</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf19c68aa1d67c3594c99e719e1f663ed7e992a68e12bbad79" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b4f_star_wars_lounge_pants.jpg" alt="Star Wars Lounge Pants" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd0a4e095abc227fdb752137e868e616eb847d5b1772f44e2"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Star Wars Lounge Pants</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf23c2c79e5060039c9577ce6551ed8a81ab6aca78cb577a55" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c45_boba_fett_helmet_mb.jpg" alt="Boba Fett Helmet Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9c4eb3769f503d9b762cdaa1c8013cc6d84fbf612d8f03c4"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Boba Fett Helmet Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9ba9c993d4989cce852a65387a8aae9b77a68060b07bc8ee" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ce3_star_trek_tng_never_forget_mb.jpg" alt="Star Trek TNG Never Forget" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2ba63dc6275851239f2e2e4fb55724eb45e41c76bae133d0"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Star Trek TNG Never Forget</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf0543e3415c4310c4a9a609475cfc9b89fb4ae264e44d204c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1bea_c_is_for_captain_kids_tee_updated.jpg" alt="C is for Captain America Kids' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf5859223c0a9ad8efea647b8a8b872dddab2d739f3ea8d153"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>C is for Captain America Kids' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #2b2b2b; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc5b9bb732a6a99cdde5836c4b3bb552a1022a95dfc2b17f7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b55_breaking_bad_iphone_cases.jpg" alt="Breaking Bad iPhone Cases" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf556a6ff094698aabe287426e2e700a972168b87388d8ecd3"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Breaking Bad iPhone Cases</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd3c7b7f7fd938a670c9a165ec8cdac1f045774e0b8aa8e3f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b54_walking_dead_iphone_cases.jpg" alt="Walking Dead iPhone Cases" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa4af54b90bbf963964dfd3e7c4ee43658ca0fe976865c074"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Walking Dead iPhone Cases</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf2c5ee866e4c98e843b189d2791751491700342bcc2c3387b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c92_valar_morghulis_with_arya.jpg" alt="Valar Morghulis with Arya" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe8263d25f18eb28aea67cbfcb8eba7447933593194541cd7"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Valar Morghulis with Arya</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf54f4ab3eb6413c267d9846e9f33e172912b716b37cac775f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cc9_got_sigil_posters.jpg" alt="Exclusive Game of Thrones Sigil Poster" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf946854afa9eb6c9f30649719a4d184fc5304bc182dd2600f"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Exclusive Game of Thrones Sigil Poster</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf66be379c12afde63e8e685f9fc57e07571ca41482a0d0b86" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/19cb_game_of_thrones_two_sided_fleece_blanket.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones Two-Sided Fleece Blanket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfaaa474a331e9e766fd68cd600e2501d2d528c8c14b1afd04"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Game of Thrones Two-Sided Fleece Blanket</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9fca5ae92f938e3d3e4fd27dfd5e5ebc5ad96bb3fc16a995" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c9e_got_map_marker_set_with_map_new.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones: Map Marker Set with Map" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf7ebc321b133658a1dc6f5cd6d21ee1727a0e83afc039549c"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Game of Thrones: Map Marker Set with Map</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf4a00f4f4fc24f8abd722fb4978f367172429f762cec3423f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cd2_insect_pushpins.jpg" alt="Insect Pushpins" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf5b4afce2bb9069fda424e590652bb51501557404085ed120"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Insect Pushpins</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf8a723f42c2959c296083043955f81bc92ae826d4eb851e24" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1993_bacon_charm_bracelet.jpg" alt="Bacon Charm Bracelet" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf4a9e10b8633d8ba5f4f3d40fb90e8b69bd440154b099e737"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Bacon Charm Bracelet</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9cb93236c8f0be56653e4d56e798c9ceec2ff6d34afa2f79" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d51_moleskine_evernote_journal_2-pack.jpg" alt="Moleskine Evernote Journal 2-Pack" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf90071f00283a0dbc0e7ec819209d5014c969a92927045ece"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Moleskine Evernote Journal 2-Pack</b></a></p>
					</li>										<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf8026607a04f2de38abe87699749467826b3c24088106258b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c2b_hanz_hanzmoto.gif" alt="HanzMoto Genius Blocks" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf07f1efd1be0dde965d6a52e55349f598738623e28dd0e986"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>HanzMoto Genius Blocks</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9cb90d6bbdd55c2d8b0ad287bb423a58fe4f735c0a9c087a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1923_chaos_bunny_blind_box_figs.jpg" alt="Chaos Bunny Blind Box Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa28a8b3112b598427eb7c3fad5eba474b3b17b2dfc2ac68d"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Chaos Bunny Blind Box Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfdc151ad8456a6343c8e876b05ec1b35e94a1971b1ebdcdbd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/17f4_adventure_time_character_carnival_cup.jpg" alt="Adventure Time Character Carnival Cup" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf6b17d593895e026e47c2e5fd71fc159f1ff6a4bcf8c9ad6e"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Adventure Time Character Carnival Cup</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd00e01f6d7b41a739c36cc63e4cd19d71f3ceb1eef0590af" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d8e_breakfast_lollipop_set.jpg" alt="Breakfast Lollipop Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfb68dd12c9cc75a8b589d1869bed7a2363f3ccdea23edb8ce"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Breakfast Lollipop Set</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #2b2b2b; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd19a576199a3ad14dfa81901ad84606d0edb5019fa5fbbf1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/11c9_plants_vs_zombies_lawn_ornaments.jpg" alt="Plants vs. Zombies Lawn Ornament - 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf4cb5da13bb8fa944f7288d15eea850274b3d22f31dac647f"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Plants vs. Zombies Lawn Ornament - 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf732041a8c23570b4b376d264dacaa493e1f2a3a43b23712b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f49a_prankster_pack_new.jpg" alt="Prankster Pack - 17% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf46625948b044110fa2bf0778c5a9109b25549ec010eb9689"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Prankster Pack - 17% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfad9974eaf9d8d2f1ca9aae20b589fa6beb898a6d33a168c1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ef12_beer_soap.jpg" alt="Beer Soap - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf7819c14b4a84a7b4ac7282d571189ef785d909757a961ae3"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Beer Soap - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe9c7c803b91739f461831a08e00da5d6d8f0c8cee3de37a3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f3b3_iron_man_3_arc_light-up_coasters.jpg" alt="Marvel Iron Man 3 Arc Reactor Light-Up Coasters - 67% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfab863d43c0e30e79550804ea95da6d2bba972167b96b300b"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Marvel Iron Man 3 Arc Reactor Light-Up Coasters - 67% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfcd01dc4048f2d308409191db9010e56bad7b4ed0c5e5ce5f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ed4f_doctor_who_disappearing_tardis_pint_glasses.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Disappearing TARDIS Pint Glasses - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff2417d0292878a91aa2ec4e479e82cb775faaaf59053703f"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Doctor Who Disappearing TARDIS Pint Glasses - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9f350cb7819697f12362d0780113b7c1e3ab8651052a5323" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f0d2_star_trek_retro_episode_posters.jpg" alt="Star Trek Retro Episode Posters - 40% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf099a38b5f1d9c318483a02437363ae72c23e801d5041b4ed"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Star Trek Retro Episode Posters - 40% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf3f766ce4a1445202cbbe4782bbf39bae4ceffd9b30870d52" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1681_butterfly_knife_styled_multi_tool.jpg" alt="Butterfly Knife Styled Multi Tool - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf95b7d5cf96265b82199de43ad6695956eae928cd337c6437"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Butterfly Knife Styled Multi Tool - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 6px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf57fa65e0e0922fe0065eaba7dc43dcfd8146998e585779f6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dfd_tactical_bbq_gift_pack_v2.jpg" alt="Tactical BBQ Gift Pack - 29% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cffdd2df7dc7a8141f0570773e9ca54ea09992a0b1832494e0"  style="color: #0053a8;"><b>Tactical BBQ Gift Pack - 29% off</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #dbdbdb; border-top: 10px solid #2b2b2b; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cffefcd63e0c92e0f5b22c3165582d6d87bb63c32f804e5d16" style="color: #0053a8;" ><img 
					src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-05-27-action.jpg" width="275" border="0" alt="Now, let's discuss my fee" title="Now, let's discuss my fee" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #0053a8;"><i>Now, let's discuss my fee</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf05b195efd8582321bf764bf27418221ebdc6f81a8d4b457e" style="color: #0053a8;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #b7cbda; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #116bb1;">"The Walking Head"</span><br />Brains, blood, never sleeps.<br />

Am I a Zombie? Just a<br />

Neuroscientist.</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Laura P. from Syracuse, NY!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9c194dcd6ead3819736763855ffb513469df7d58b872d116" style="color: #0053a8;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf9c194dcd6ead3819736763855ffb513469df7d58b872d116" style="color: #0053a8;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-image: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #9d9d9d 0%, #c6c6c6 40%); filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#9d9d9d', endColorstr='#c6c6c6'); background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left 40%, from(#9d9d9d), to(#c6c6c6)); background-color: #c6c6c6;">

					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>

					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; <b>Unsubscribe or change preferences:</b> <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf49018699e047955d947d48b3bac2636c99745625a2d419e8"  style="color: #0053a8;">update profile</a><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <a href="mailto:orders@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #0053a8;">orders@thinkgeek.com</a><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #c6c6c6; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #303030 !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>

					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa7242f609c86fc0365eb867246e249c866caaa0ea4710068" style="color: #0053a8;" >Privacy Statement</a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

	<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfd0dbe97a3248a2eaf2bc0237825b50683ec877dbba5d4a1d"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-facebook.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa70147ef1852e5513dd41160e76a1849f20c725a37c75e57"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-googleplus.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf41c5f6ae931005052019e2817373cb6b02185761aa64686c"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-twitter.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfe9b3d77fb59cab57ddf9dd0056826c323837d054205007c7"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-pinterest.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cff0f4c1300e211816f54e084f2318990762bbd0434f2bc450"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram_icon.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cf4045c4669c504f5eda201b0b1975f89b31c40633bfd15694"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-youtube.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's YouTube channel" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfa57740851dd1e6df7b38fea90409290feaf2afce4a410cc4"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-email.png" width="30" height="30" border="0" alt="Forward this email" style="margin-top: 15px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=fcc4b55ad0e626cfc54627314edb2713548cecb3d1250b80ec034e3e9085d512" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>



--TGJpfH839iFC=_?:--

