Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.182.152.40 with SMTP id uv8csp242908obb;
        Fri, 31 Oct 2014 10:33:14 -0700 (PDT)
X-Received: by 10.50.20.130 with SMTP id n2mr5915272ige.44.1414776794143;
        Fri, 31 Oct 2014 10:33:14 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67111684-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta.email.thinkgeek.com (mta.email.thinkgeek.com. [66.231.88.32])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id ao3si17913495igc.17.2014.10.31.10.33.13
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Fri, 31 Oct 2014 10:33:14 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67111684-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) client-ip=66.231.88.32;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67111684-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67111684-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com
Received: by mta.email.thinkgeek.com id haf3ti163hsh for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Fri, 31 Oct 2014 11:14:14 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67111684-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: Shiny, shiny, shiny! New charm beads for everygeek
Date: Fri, 31 Oct 2014 11:14:13 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe5d12777465057b7d10-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe5d12777465057b7d10-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_67111684
Message-ID: <8957a6b0-da12-4229-bf96-36915b43ea3b@xtinmta1177.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="ekW0w6ncv5B9=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--ekW0w6ncv5B9=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Life's no fun without a good scare!

For us, the ones who cosplay, the ones who wear costumes to work
for fun, Halloween is a time to get rewarded with candy for our
everyday behavior. For you super-procrastinators, here are some
last minute costume suggestions. You could be Zombie John Keats,
Vampire Vermeer, or Werewolf Charles Leroux (all born today). You
could be Sherlock Holmes (first published today), Harry Houdini
(last lived today), or Mount Rushmore (first not-unfinished
today). Whatever you choose, wear your costume proudly and take
lots of pictures!

European-Style Geek Charm Beads #################################

ELEVEN new options

We're constantly looking for new beads to add to our charm
bracelets to give you more geeky options. This week we're proud
to introduce into the mix Puzzle Piece, Earth, Golden Dino,
Skull, Pirate, Panda, Beer, and Knight Helmet beads, plus a few
you won't find anywhere else. Our enamel Zombie head, the Star
Trek Insignia, and the Live Long and Prosper beads are all
exclusive to ThinkGeek. Not like we had to fight off other
jewelry stores to get the zombie all to ourselves, but we were
prepared to do battle if it came to it.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bba352407edba8e9ca98ad7f2cf7ce94a489e5717085ff7ee
100


20% off Everything ##############################################

Life is short. Enjoy it while you can and celebrate both
Halloween and Dia de lost Muertos with us this weekend. Use code
SUGARSKULL until 11:59pm ET 11/2/14.*

Leave your body at the door:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bdd5c690320f0f8fb6e57548d88d6eb961cb6801332b75963

* Some exclusions apply. See website for details. Only valid at
www.thinkgeek.com.


Introducing the Official Naughty Dog Shop #######################

Exclusive gear from Jak and Daxter, Uncharter, the Last of Us

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b3830cc27325d03527b2c6ccaf351c4b0fc55cb3428015ec2
20141031tgndlaunch


What's New(s)! ##################################################

Level-Up Pipe Mug - Level up with coffee

Have you ever had so much coffee, that the world started
vibrating? We did as we were making and testing this Level Up
Pipe Mug. And then, we went down into the Pipe Mug and found a
room full of coins! Other people tried with their boring mugs,
but it didn't work. Only the Level Up Pipe Mug would let you go
down and find something new. Once, it even let us skip our
commute and go straight to home from work! This mug looks just
like the pipes two plumber brothers liked exploring. Yours might
not take you to a magic land, but it sure will help you get your
coffee in you. And that's pretty magical right there.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba37dbd560f0bbccb24ec2272e83fe77af591c27cb222a536


Building Brick Coaster Set - Little brick islands

Islands are normally places sticking up in water where you can
live. These coasters, then, are islands for your brick people.
They can build on them and thrive on them. And they can also
watch as you knock aside their creations to set your giant glass
of ice team on their land - just so you won't get rings on your
coffee table. There are four climates for you to use as coasters
or building islands: blue can be ice, red can be the Martian
plains, white can be frosty snow, and yellow can be... um, yellow
snow (you can build on it, but just don't eat it). These coasters
are a great way to protect your furniture and spark your
imagination.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b215e350ef98af62bcbf2e4ed99b2243be54769809e666a46


New Slippers - Skulls and Shuttles!

Once upon a time, space shuttles took us into space. We can
remember being little kids and watching in awe the takeoffs and
landings. And though the shuttle program is over, we still love
the dang things. That's why we want to wear them on our feet! But
space shuttles aren't the only things that fuel our imagination -
so do pirate stories. And you can't have a good pirate story
without a load of skulls somewhere. When we read these tales, we
like to have our skull slippers on. We have slippers for every
occasion and inspiration. The Shuttle and Skull slippers all have
little rubbery bits on the bottom, so you won't slip in your
slippers. Wonder why they call 'em slippers? We'll just slip some
on while we ponder.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b52189a032112748e2532fd66aec4f456ab5d4b4fe140b93c
newest/desc/0/100


Magicka Cosplay Robe - Straight from the game!

Magicka is an action-adventure game set in a land where elemental
magic rules, goblins and trolls are perfectly harmless (well,
perhaps not entirely), and all the villagers are wise-cracking
smart-alecks. The only folk to protect the realm are the Wizards
of the Order of Magick. And now it's your turn to don a robe! The
whole ensemble is a robe, a belt, and a hood. But the hood is
extra special because it has a wire frame for shaping and a
removable screen for covert or overt wizard stuff. Not only does
the Magicka Cosplay Robe make a great instant video game cosplay
costume, but it can also serve as the basis for many other
character costumes. Robe up!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b68ed82f7cbdbf4df0fc25864e5e9ab93e22147b3b46ad502


Rainbow Cloud Handbag - Why so cirrus? 

Coach doesn't carry this happy Rainbow Cloud handbag. You won't
find it at Michael Kors either. That's because it's a ThinkGeek
creation and exclusive which is rivaled only by the bags from
Loungefly and Tokidoki in a "volume of cuteness per square inch"
battle. What volume is that exactly? We can't remember how to
figure the volume of an irregular solid, so we'll just say
"lots." Its rigid exterior measures 12 1/4" wide (at base) x 9
1/4" high (at middle) x 3 1/2" deep, big enough for your eReader.
It's perfect to throw a jacket and a compact umbrella in on a day
that threatens to rain, because it leaves you enough space for
your wallet and your phone up in the top, easy to grab. And at
the end of that overcast day, it'll still be smiling.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b83a56807bbe84991e2abbac80c9081ba71292cebfa23702d


Firefly Magnetic Poetry - Nothin' in the 'Verse as shiny

The TV show <em>Firefly</em> may have only aired for 14 episodes,
but the fan-following is possibly even more rabid than any other
series. Joss Whedon has made it known he won't be revisiting
Serenity any time soon. We can hope, though. But other than hope,
what are we to do until that day? How about write your own
dialogue? Let our Firefly Magnetic Poetry kit get you started.
Complete with 428 words (and bits of words) straight out of the
Firefly universe, this kit will take the pretty words right out
of your ruttin' mouth. Or uh... hands. Don't put magnets in your
mouths, kids. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b9ea1c93f78aedc81747661cd6802f59e139a242b5976d3bd


Two Firefly Wallets - Keep your cash secure

Whether you deal in credits or scrips, one thing is clear: if you
don't secure your money as you travel around the 'Verse, it could
fall into the wrong hands. So, to prevent that and to keep your
stuff yours, we're offering you these two wallets. One is
decorated to look like the flag of the Browncoats. It will show
everyone, every time you pay or show your ID, where your
allegiance lies. But if you are more corporate-minded, you might
prefer the Blue Sun Wallet. Oh, who are we kidding: if you're a
fan of Firefly, you're gonna want one of each. Just make sure you
know which one your money is in when you go out misbehavin'!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be5b49e22362405b97ada6f5060822a4336efe13f0497d6fc


Magical Unicorn Chocolate Lollipop Mold - Super suckers

Now, it will all depend on the ingredients you use, but we think
any lollipops you make in the Magical Unicorn Molds will be about
a bajillion times tastier than any other lollipops you have ever
tasted or will ever taste... ever. Why? Well, because they are
made to look like real life magical unicorn heads. And you don't
have to just make lollipops; you can make regular chocolates,
tiny cakes, soaps, ice cubes, or anything else you press into a
mold (cheese, maybe). Not only will they look awesome, not only
(if you mold something edible) will they taste awesome, but
anyone you share them with will think you are awesome. All the
magic of real unicorns, without the messy rainbow farts.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b5a68e9be5acfa305e9202023fba60e7456cea36e17894ed6


For Your Listening Pleasure - New gear to blast your tunes

Fast fact we just made up: James Bullough Lansing (JBL) got into
the loudspeaker business because teachers always told him to
speak up! The real (also made up) reason he got into making
loudspeakers was because he could see into the future, see these
amazing speakers and headphones, and knew he had to start the
company that would eventually bring these to fruition. Jimmy
Lansing wanted to make sure you'd have some of the best Bluetooth
speakers and headsets, the greatest computer speakers, and the
craziest light shows you could ever have hoped for. Check out all
these fantastic looking (and sounding) speakers and headphones.
You're sure to find just what you've been searching for. Thanks,
JBL! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc1b2f6be8296b37eb1961371956ab69dca254da57f19b05f
audio/newest/desc/0/100


Wonder Woman and Batgirl Yoga Pants - For all your super lounging
needs

Occasionally you need a break from all the Spandex and boots and
capes associated with saving the world. It's these times when you
need something a little more... subdued. Relaxing. Some clothing
in which you could really zen-out. The stretchy, fold-over waist
on these yoga pants have their respective logos, and the legs are
a heathered fabric. Available in sizes Small through 3X!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd919bfa939aba9466b59e384e357fae9809da7453c08c77a
newest/desc/0/100


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2d2b13d303c92b0c0d3dcb588029bd07066c9642430adebf

Blackthorn Shillelagh Fighting Stick
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc2f4820fcc5d5741dfe68c6a01b3d75dd4fb15480759af1e

Pandemic: Can you Save Humanity?
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b46b3f6b24f4cadec741b92ba1723cf9ad6404ae9734892fc

Star Trek LOGO Bookends
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b77cdb3e82826b856f85dd9545ecece4ccfba9c7cf0fcf3a7

Top Secret Batman Files
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb01c15cbf6ff49c199c4d1a7edb108f4088fb761bce8c316

If You Give a Mouse an iPhone
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b0640b9311a0ed0b90e42beeb8c36099887e7c9432589e162

Doctor Who Cuff Link TARDIS
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6fef375ffea223444fed3b0967a8ff222e8f50aac8fa1721

Dead Pool 16 oz Set of 4 Pint Glass Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba6d219ff57052cc7e5db15a49a8996be85b7c4e66799d0d9

7 Wonders Core Game
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2cd065810e883cb79f06cce4c26765b839ff54afe67413a9

Attack on Titan The Official Guidebook
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd75970ccc142ed441e0981b88c4694935af4c63e969a9fc4

Tsuro Choose Your Path 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b351a54edc13ea0cd8aff37605e52f9b8f89597dd75b8f4c7

Goodnight Nanny-Cam
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b652290742c801f2242fb594985594415627e3568467d8c2a

Rabbids Plush with Sound Series 1
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b8c3848c311569119a52e5bdc174a16dca8d23cb9ed1e3672

Doctor Who 20oz Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b17cc16040ac5c8789f9cf957c0eb6ff17204767bb57dd326

Ledr - The Geek Tool Roll
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b102d59f94b08abd151b276b43ea9cffa64d82949c686a683

Marvel Avengers Nesting Dolls
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b620c61486b032d6464c0ca321b0eade45221ee34c3320293

TMNT Blind Box Minis Vinyl Figures
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b70f9861543e316676d9915a8cdadc4629095e1c2734efc70

S&P To Go Salt and Pepper Shakers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b5a85fdf408256c60df6829f6c5401721fed71bf2efda33ac

Kill Bill Vinyl Pop Figures
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b34a91007dab9413c5986b3e1680f1aeab9b3fa903cda49f3

DC Bombshells Art Prints - Katana & Zatanna
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bdd06bfd992b4ef7ed8c0d834ca8c69a8e6e9bfbc890f9d8e

Buffy The Vampire Slayer Vinyl Pop Figures
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b088794f43e452492a3dd6df4b2a04b462f9459d8073dd28f

New Apparel! ####################################################

Rocko's Modern Life Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b55b1119681f161a71b3bc7b0e76cac548afb95d0f2ea1177

Rocko!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be84aa314a9f8d67e8df8c0eb2fd63da5f402d1e005567c5f

Star Trek The Original Series Uniform Hoodie 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba008f53dd4dced5097c48b41cc4f6a74b22798f96a4c856c

Batman Roses Logo Premium Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bdc132d56d65303796a28372d19eabfa776dfe6d5c837f132

Bat Signal Premium Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b81e32101aef3475d0cbc69f9c4a933b3931ee748f8561e5e

Bat Logo Premium Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba8ac5d832e6ff2b6be69c6f2acb3d0b20c91706f070277e6

Wonder Woman Silhouette Premium Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc75d231d32c17ff030c21c360a87c272037713674b8c128a

Final Hunt 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b960f508ca9c41bfeed9d76264eabbaaea65d751779ef65f2

Bamfling
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be96be1c2343d1f69810939e0400196f3680444ccaad212ed

Mona Patrick
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b79dfc6cd4bc351832e065479ea7d11edc08ea1ba75275bff

Patrick Rex
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b183ccad0a04c93f6be341fff0ed40449e3071ab84b84d149

Don't Blink Boxers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba3d24a0068569e817969d071e97e4d43c536a284606b5948

Don't Blink Pajama Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b78c2aa4a9b81cb62dfd4e418b4c4158c09c0debb02021d58

Batman Fair Isle Unisex Lounge Pants
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b27cd1b8516ec3b1141bba10ff7770d42707b2ba42ffed0c6

Harry Potter House Unisex Lounge Pants
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b1cdad0b406d22dcdaba6c24221a466b3e5744782200e2398

Exclusive Storm Glow-in-the-Dark Ladies' Hooded Pullover
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b1f19eae819f0ce52902f15bbe51839aad5d23db65759a17d

Hydra Embroidered Workshirt
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b09a921841159a319917583568ece97da9f4b552952ec1f1b

Soundwave
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b46a67b7a027b7df46d6a3469dedd7bc1fe753d1d471c9086

The Pony Games Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2c91d406d195f994dc3b6c182393fe96727aecf03e98af77

Inquisition Heraldry Ladies' Tank
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b71960a7f1b5fd799c4f30125cd34f6554615acd558112320

Liara Sublimation Ladies' Tank
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b4f5bc5c8ee5129ac5f1cf919662cf7b4d282b10569dd2002

Tali Sublimation Ladies' Tank
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b658cbf8eb4e3f4f0a889227999fe9edc134ce943504917a6

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Exclusive I Love Batman Ladies' Scoop Neck Sweatshirt - 60% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b38b85d00eff9b6f514d2c75d61471851b7a00877286e6dc7

Bero - Be the Robot - 67% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b5643a74598e37423edb3fe1e4c2b8f1f432d05a714dabdab

Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - 67% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6e50c7e7deaff667674bff9ed05198f262e42e7a68e45bd1

Power Symbol Glow in the Dark Mug - 60% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b804bb4aa6098d384ac4c1232443241c8c4f46ff7dfc7faa1

Portal 2 Aperture Logo Knee Socks 3-Pack - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b9ff67150b43ad55d464378ad9a3fc15d89457609c718da57

Build-On Brick Shot Glass 4-Pack - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6a429e954d2f783c3d8fb4709be7aacb6ed438ad9c82f622

Star Wars Beach Towels - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b032922206d971cbe3ca552df40a85de992a60009f0dfae84

iPrank Cracked Screen Sticker Pack - 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b3465e995f465cc2705907f34ba0be9ef058aae2d5f39702f

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Now entering the testing chamber...

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc468fc1e9da935e2ea414966bac0cf3f6af3d2b32097aa75

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b94b4c8662d59a3b94e5ab4f0f6ad0afd86c047c5ff9529ba
 
The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Terri from
Hackettstown, NJ! We lovingly title this winning haiku "That time
of the year":

Oh, Nanowrimo!
Digits bleed from keyboard speed
Send band aids now. Ouch!

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b90fc1d7f2b422a931c9a04f8a7e9fcf7e41e13b64949a5bd

Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba5c1d6d47d9afd2ff8f5051475ed5dac71503dc0566529ee

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b878f71144c3d19d8fa15a02c156c22e0db03a4f51a308dfc

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b84a1e33b5213095497672fa47a135c74747cfbdfe1b60c21

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf59d85715badb4d327f131e1c98310e7970e07744ff5d72a

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b77145fc2d0560e2bf36e708bdbd1ae639b9057f2b6f9848a

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b30eb859b761bd30798239e1496a189fdad81c04984ebb3f1

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2c1d4a4d6aaefe85c4c94d4bc9e637a2bdd86620927e8e4d

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bdeed424acf524ebe4f4eade1577853367ab2cf23387ba133

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd0c6894cc086a3f643b9daa9c02dda1f464ca5d27f1aab79

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b65c3b70c9f9c1b084d07d7cc3583dcccaa1722e2d1ff2c3a

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b82fd565bfe756fc07e199df6179903ee7098f66c8d3b34e4

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b18bb6cbdd6b525b7e9eb8965944ab5b3649ae65724de3b1f

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b830ae8ae2c90c571fbac191ec5be01e05b860f4aa3a1b770

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b4e6698ccd3216f28e27c35f05d55be1d0a40db729c058627

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd8f63e9f37bfcbd3f78d6560ff7ef8459f898762c6667806 *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb9db40ead8a595fc16c370d87125c693610ca4c6c0f0272e

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2c1d4a4d6aaefe85c4c94d4bc9e637a2bdd86620927e8e4d 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--ekW0w6ncv5B9=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe5d12777465057b7d10-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10042" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Plus 20% off sitewide with code SUGARSKULL until 11/2</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b266564f9d7a0d6dc82fc0db4c74979dc9bd5ee14422c2df4" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b266564f9d7a0d6dc82fc0db4c74979dc9bd5ee14422c2df4" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b33e681dda3daa4904d4f66755f60b7e17ae1ba45700d3974" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-timmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba455f52fe47c92d348bcb9f647ff509891481dcb8403aaa2" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b532be9a999f87578aa82302213bd2aaf1f91360625dd7c20" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb290d4dc48d5c58afea9f255763ed497fcb93eb38c6cf68a" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be5f565b8e35379f3eed5a2d10bc07c7c3e953c2fede61372" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b1ef4270d3eb8872946ba813af721ec78bc38bf2b5a68e345" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>ON SALE</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b14526940c32fc77cf61839f3a9ad5508a4a22e52cca7b6ee" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-charmbeads.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="European-Style Geek Charm Beads" title="ELEVEN new options" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 5px 0px;"/></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b0a2e5f1208699930c6f8dc5b7b769816060685616a4496f3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-20off.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="20% off Everything" title="Use code SUGARSKULL until 11:59pm ET 11/2/14." class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 5px 0px;"/></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b799825cb298624af925655fe36e97cf89d3958f486e66e51" >
<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/tg-naughtydoglaunchfeature.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Introducing the Official Naughty Dog Shop" title="Exclusive gear from Jak and Daxter, Uncharter, the Last of Us" class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 10px 0px; border: 1px solid #384245;"/></a>	
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Life's no fun without a good scare!</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">For us, the ones who cosplay, the ones who wear costumes to work for fun, Halloween is a time to get rewarded with candy for our everyday behavior. For you super-procrastinators, here are some last minute costume suggestions. You could be Zombie John Keats, Vampire Vermeer, or Werewolf Charles Leroux (all born today). You could be Sherlock Holmes (first published today), Harry Houdini (last lived today), or Mount Rushmore (first not-unfinished today). Whatever you choose, wear your costume proudly and take lots of pictures!</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085beebe2204985cf1902765f6e267564c0e65838c6ae06d8c15" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Level-Up Pipe Mug - Level up with coffee</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b8c45f57228670f44ae1cc8f40a278c65c2cff58f9e671a91" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1ceb_level_up_pipe_mug.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Level-Up Pipe Mug - Level up with coffee" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Have you ever had so much coffee, that the world started vibrating? We did as we were making and testing this Level Up Pipe Mug. And then, we went down into the Pipe Mug and found a room full of coins! Other people tried with their boring mugs, but it didn't work. Only the Level Up Pipe Mug would let you go down and find something new. Once, it even let us skip our commute and go straight to home from work! This mug looks just like the pipes two plumber brothers liked exploring. Yours might not take you to a magic land, but it sure will help you get your coffee in you. And that's pretty magical right
 there.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b97e002dcd598f3b691b825b2f93a1bc31ec181b6687388d5" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Building Brick Coaster Set - Little brick islands</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bfa2bbcf319692faebed72e913463809cd0911a1a1c19c372" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1de0_building_brick_coaster_set.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Building Brick Coaster Set - Little brick islands" width="92" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Islands are normally places sticking up in water where you can live. These coasters, then, are islands for your brick people. They can build on them and thrive on them. And they can also watch as you knock aside their creations to set your giant glass of ice team on their land - just so you won't get rings on your coffee table. There are four climates for you to use as coasters or building islands: blue can be ice, red can be the Martian plains, white can be frosty snow, and yellow can be... um, yellow snow (you can build on it, but just don't eat it). These coasters are a great way to protect your furniture and
 spark your imagination.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b5870657a904c5b3ac79122f44f391ac4694d108a07aeac03" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Slippers - Skulls and Shuttles!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be9e9bd5f9d87b1975cef72837e04bdcd7cbeb74df2b500dd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-slippers.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Slippers - Skulls and Shuttles!" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Once upon a time, space shuttles took us into space. We can remember being little kids and watching in awe the takeoffs and landings. And though the shuttle program is over, we still love the dang things. That's why we want to wear them on our feet! But space shuttles aren't the only things that fuel our imagination - so do pirate stories. And you can't have a good pirate story without a load of skulls somewhere. When we read these tales, we like to have our skull slippers on. We have slippers for every occasion and inspiration. The Shuttle and Skull slippers all have little rubbery bits on the bottom, so you
 won't slip in your slippers. Wonder why they call 'em slippers? We'll just slip some on while we ponder.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b81cd74acda41d7a34cb1772fe382112b111e2d0ecb6bc2dc" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Magicka Cosplay Robe - Straight from the game!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b978a2e301815d72bb34fce1e7d15c352a02184c606d4d04c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1e7f_magicka_cosplay_robe.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Magicka Cosplay Robe - Straight from the game!" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Magicka is an action-adventure game set in a land where elemental magic rules, goblins and trolls are perfectly harmless (well, perhaps not entirely), and all the villagers are wise-cracking smart-alecks. The only folk to protect the realm are the Wizards of the Order of Magick. And now it's your turn to don a robe! The whole ensemble is a robe, a belt, and a hood. But the hood is extra special because it has a wire frame for shaping and a removable screen for covert or overt wizard stuff. Not only does the Magicka Cosplay Robe make a great instant video game cosplay costume, but it can also serve as the basis
 for many other character costumes. Robe up!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b9ecc0f6818ab8fd856f5e2bbe39df86728ff63eca4ebcd99" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Rainbow Cloud Handbag - Why so cirrus?</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd807be88af44406a11a7dc2e1acea588a47df56673ffc7dc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1ee8_rainbow_cloud_handbag.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Rainbow Cloud Handbag - Why so cirrus?" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Coach doesn't carry this happy Rainbow Cloud handbag. You won't find it at Michael Kors either. That's because it's a ThinkGeek creation and exclusive which is rivaled only by the bags from Loungefly and Tokidoki in a "volume of cuteness per square inch" battle. What volume is that exactly? We can't remember how to figure the volume of an irregular solid, so we'll just say "lots." Its rigid exterior measures 12 1/4" wide (at base) x 9 1/4" high (at middle) x 3 1/2" deep, big enough for your eReader. It's perfect to throw a jacket and a compact umbrella in on a day that threatens to rain, because it leaves you
 enough space for your wallet and your phone up in the top, easy to grab. And at the end of that overcast day, it'll still be smiling.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be890e30346d9a1e65021b40c16df68345828178c6c520729" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Firefly Magnetic Poetry - Nothin' in the 'Verse as shiny</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6fcb73ef1acd4e59ad759d65d2b6ae01d4530a5447e3430b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1b8d_firefly_magnetic_poetry.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Firefly Magnetic Poetry - Nothin' in the 'Verse as shiny" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The TV show <em>Firefly</em> may have only aired for 14 episodes, but the fan-following is possibly even more rabid than any other series. Joss Whedon has made it known he won't be revisiting Serenity any time soon. We can hope, though. But other than hope, what are we to do until that day? How about write your own dialogue? Let our Firefly Magnetic Poetry kit get you started. Complete with 428 words (and bits of words) straight out of the Firefly universe, this kit will take the pretty words right out of your ruttin' mouth. Or uh... hands. Don't put magnets in your mouths, kids.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bceb3ea611e965f5c7bff31935c84d0e718f39d910b2e6d49" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Two Firefly Wallets - Keep your cash secure</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b071157f81dc58f61d9181804527ed5357b6659b34e1c7217" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-fireflywallet.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Two Firefly Wallets - Keep your cash secure" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Whether you deal in credits or scrips, one thing is clear: if you don't secure your money as you travel around the 'Verse, it could fall into the wrong hands. So, to prevent that and to keep your stuff yours, we're offering you these two wallets. One is decorated to look like the flag of the Browncoats. It will show everyone, every time you pay or show your ID, where your allegiance lies. But if you are more corporate-minded, you might prefer the Blue Sun Wallet. Oh, who are we kidding: if you're a fan of Firefly, you're gonna want one of each. Just make sure you know which one your money is in when you go out
 misbehavin'!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bafba0762d407a43e6bfd44f7d6c59d5467e8a9168c5ac090" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Magical Unicorn Chocolate Lollipop Mold - Super suckers</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba2dcbb7f23a8e9dfcd3e38ea90b18a8fecea6b7f4ce23c90" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1f4b_magical_unicorn_lollipop_mold.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Magical Unicorn Chocolate Lollipop Mold - Super suckers" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Now, it will all depend on the ingredients you use, but we think any lollipops you make in the Magical Unicorn Molds will be about a bajillion times tastier than any other lollipops you have ever tasted or will ever taste... ever. Why? Well, because they are made to look like real life magical unicorn heads. And you don't have to just make lollipops; you can make regular chocolates, tiny cakes, soaps, ice cubes, or anything else you press into a mold (cheese, maybe). Not only will they look awesome, not only (if you mold something edible) will they taste awesome, but anyone you share them with will think you are
 awesome. All the magic of real unicorns, without the messy rainbow farts.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bec0978cd359d7f06603b52f7903227a35b64b281a9f89ec0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >For Your Listening Pleasure - New gear to blast your tunes</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b3be69c32cb8a643a1c6a3eb0cae65213ce267c5248e8705a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-jbl.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see For Your Listening Pleasure - New gear to blast your tunes" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Fast fact we just made up: James Bullough Lansing (JBL) got into the loudspeaker business because teachers always told him to speak up! The real (also made up) reason he got into making loudspeakers was because he could see into the future, see these amazing speakers and headphones, and knew he had to start the company that would eventually bring these to fruition. Jimmy Lansing wanted to make sure you'd have some of the best Bluetooth speakers and headsets, the greatest computer speakers, and the craziest light shows you could ever have hoped for. Check out all these fantastic looking (and sounding) speakers
 and headphones. You're sure to find just what you've been searching for. Thanks, JBL!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be7d04f4bd4baa4c53c1a7f85566b6b9e5b5c775cb2a6a541" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Wonder Woman and Batgirl Yoga Pants - For all your super lounging needs</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b994e519826e0c22a3b9fc0dc91c6dddaf2e981f9e5175c69" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-yogapants.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Wonder Woman and Batgirl Yoga Pants - For all your super lounging needs" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Occasionally you need a break from all the Spandex and boots and capes associated with saving the world. It's these times when you need something a little more... subdued. Relaxing. Some clothing in which you could really zen-out. The stretchy, fold-over waist on these yoga pants have their respective logos, and the legs are a heathered fabric. Available in sizes Small through 3X!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba1f8f6280084478feb38e9ebb9d9d054c795ead8ba0b60fb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2153_rockos_modern_life_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Rocko's Modern Life Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf0d8a42d473461165a8771bab5899cefdc8cf3f29e470cf1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rocko's Modern Life Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b832f15f5f9f70d8ce8fbda78fd1274e63da374861aed56b3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20f8_rocko!_dd.jpg" alt="Rocko!" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b397b419d5e826ad804377f50f92eeada87a1f4d371b00012"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rocko!</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf10926132eb9aa030f5c89e8dae155f70319297a723fe220" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a00_st_tos_uniform_hoodie.jpg" alt="Star Trek The Original Series Uniform Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b50f4e520d0691c9f70cc13304f5df86c283dcf866caaf8a0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek The Original Series Uniform Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b932757da025cd7d1cecfbc7e314e5093f292f9ab0239a332" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/200d_batman_roses_logo_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Batman Roses Logo Premium Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b500df90181de0975886c5c0a420cf7fc76705558de5bb3bb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Roses Logo Premium Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be886ed687c2f83913bb3c612f6a11b096e120dd12c2d7296" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/200e_bat_signal_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Bat Signal Premium Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb800886b9fc7c7e73ed6fd9acfc6e2d6b24f202833486c27"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bat Signal Premium Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2fb51b0c97083b62b9e968e4b1328e76528eba7b39a44adb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/200f_bat_logo_ladies_dd.jpg" alt="Bat Logo Premium Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b09c535a842a6412421f0633a8c7bd282a97d452d93d85c4e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bat Logo Premium Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b56e8f3669ffbbb5aa19d2e4484c8ff33ac9fd4d90ad84f8e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2010_wonder_woman_silhouette_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Wonder Woman Silhouette Premium Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2176cbf48c73a94d64316b85b2c1e2152ac2b90d8037bc12"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Wonder Woman Silhouette Premium Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc277cabf82a2366bac7b4314cc45754b5559e54a8659faf8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2137_final_hunt_dd.jpg" alt="Final Hunt" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb10f2e93ecce7226e3aee26d330b6c5227e46fa0527dba3a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Final Hunt</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bcc23848f0b221d9fe938fbd191c1d4d8141d5414203dadbc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2138_bamfling_dd.jpg " alt="Bamfling" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b8c02d57cdbc51207f7a0aaf02d098e4deb4628776189156d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bamfling</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b217f1b3a616297b64061b1abed374e7d303b5286e71a8880" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/217a_mona_patrick_dd.jpg" alt="Mona Patrick" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b07808c54916f7f2b191d9f37380d617f615c1e4e37017262"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Mona Patrick</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf0823552f278a325a7c606ef728a2cd0ae9d5c9fb036bdf6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/217b_patrick_rex_dd.jpg" alt="Patrick Rex" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b041f9f5beb61885c1531a4adba994263219d2ea7b85b2e21"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Patrick Rex</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b46ac03e3e4c8c1cffd62cef108a05f6f4be81c3821119d70" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d09_dont_blink_boxers.jpg" alt="Don't Blink Boxers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b97b6909e58766baad4ea4d8e6dfb3db5f584c3df52458efe"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Don't Blink Boxers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bada993897a800ba4aeebb59c95ba899714ca4e3652d5fe1c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d08_dont_blink_pajama_set_front.jpg" alt="Don't Blink Pajama Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b33ba1d4d4d4aba201258a6a056bc0ad7bab5c7710881dcbb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Don't Blink Pajama Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc7570f602557dd5d59d3b14558ab1ad20f402d7210e8adb5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cb4_batman_logo_ladies_jersey_pj.jpg" alt="Batman Fair Isle Unisex Lounge Pants" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b79f1f116d6a2c4e0f22cedcff7e013449eeaf5723f5afba2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Fair Isle Unisex Lounge Pants</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc313f29fef53289edfaaa09a878f9738e7efb863d1ad966c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dfc_harry_potter_lounge_pants_all.jpg" alt="Harry Potter House Unisex Lounge Pants" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd55f07d3f41587baf24c5c10b92135b1dbf0ed94f905043f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Harry Potter House Unisex Lounge Pants</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b63a95f82fa0a81e2e81fb806df32cc0c8a818ed2570c8d6a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/215f_storm_gitd_hooded_pullover.gif" alt="Exclusive Storm Glow-in-the-Dark Ladies' Hooded Pullover" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b0cceb76bc8b8d4ae3ada65fae505ad8a655144ff458228e0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Storm Glow-in-the-Dark Ladies' Hooded Pullover</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b61def8756f6e8a08631d4703c404943d4f65e7902ea36e92" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f7f_hydra_mens_embroidered_workshirt.jpg " alt="Hydra Embroidered Workshirt" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bef5a98c395f2301eec89f9994530eec77d79c10e2c151ad2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hydra Embroidered Workshirt</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc5bfa6f1d05c4e778c84dced2ee8ea8566d9363e47c51adf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fed_soundwave_chestplate_dd.jpg" alt="Soundwave" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b1d701a8cf5f7dfd1a83d6d7ca88546f75334d424b194bbd0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Soundwave</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b481fa901803f8a8eb06a8d831ba25018de7989a757633953" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fab_the_pony_games_ladies_tee_revised_dd.jpg" alt="The Pony Games Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bbff61a8df1eda62c89f1b71d602a1bfcda35001270736d8a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Pony Games Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6a0bfa1f2a18d47ead522054b26327968b8aae942d4d344d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20eb_inquisition_heraldry_ladies_tank.jpg" alt="Inquisition Heraldry Ladies' Tank" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b3f95e3bff9fecd1143bc8df97fa89da260dfc9e508205a0d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Inquisition Heraldry Ladies' Tank</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085baced0a6e510f8e51103ee62a31be50041305e7fea0db9b16" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2e10_liara_sublimation_ladies_tank.jpg" alt="Liara Sublimation Ladies' Tank" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bfe8d5556a6f795ae344ed87a704bbf6b6812eb6337c41244"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Liara Sublimation Ladies' Tank</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b9d7fb7e8949df8ebc9420e95a65b5790ab0693e5c0f819b0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20ea_tali_sublimation_ladies_tank.jpg" alt="Tali Sublimation Ladies' Tank" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bdd018259f78c7c2b2c7cd11b592cefda01375214e981fbe3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Tali Sublimation Ladies' Tank</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b50d7d1acaa91777ab61b26ec991524d485fe325e3ffd223c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsol_blackthorn_shillelagh_fighting_stick.jpg " alt="Blackthorn Shillelagh Fighting Stick" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba4a8ba08c5cfcd458c3428d9c7c3b084120a87e40f0ddaaf"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Blackthorn Shillelagh Fighting Stick</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b496c12a2518d0f421a8c8dddabd3f89067045159c8615833" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqk_pandemic.jpg " alt="Pandemic: Can you Save Humanity?" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bbc546990a508fbfea7adc9d926ed2a5e599e769de120d87a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Pandemic: Can you Save Humanity?</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc87760c3022a3ba3a7657e2472da0b825381abe68885ad3c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b89_star_trek_bookends.jpg" alt="Star Trek LOGO Bookends" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b431ed355b8b85abd4dae282abb8565ab0f9f4bdd68288139"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek LOGO Bookends</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bbcc8d16a0b92168c9ebc0108208eba1993c9a80f4a34dc43" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsps_batman_files.jpg " alt="Top Secret Batman Files" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b28d47389e2bb8c9a3809ab81ce94e7883d8a1a2f117d7176"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Top Secret Batman Files</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b51c0b9ec5b23bbd2a840a1dd35dc34db17f7cb9dae773508" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ee0_give_a_mouse_an_iphone.jpg" alt="If You Give a Mouse an iPhone" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be773bd66e80b2468892edbdd181268803b1bed49bf0a6db9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>If You Give a Mouse an iPhone</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b929bdceb9382622791191ab1c5245d28118e854d07241a20" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ff9_tardis_cufflinks.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Cuff Link TARDIS" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b9868f6a60f73e703a35e128d164a2a475d2cdd6a8292f3ae"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who Cuff Link TARDIS</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b371d01c8558cd4c77a3b4cea5475202b6e955aceca29e31b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsn_deadpool_pint_glas_set.jpg" alt="Dead Pool 16 oz Set of 4 Pint Glass Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bea7a1b743320167682ff9fccd3d741a8709a2ab72cde1188"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dead Pool 16 oz Set of 4 Pint Glass Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b9d49478adbbe26fbf0e959919046224f475b8701e974e7bb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssu_seven_wonders.jpg" alt="7 Wonders Core Game" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b1ba9c567b11f26c0008d99efe29de4a240e21a09afd8ea84"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>7 Wonders Core Game</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b428e8be2305ada63b532cdab54866d882474729dd1938f72" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htgu_attack_on_titan_guidebook.jpg " alt="Attack on Titan The Official Guidebook" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb16a0a944dfd6bc0283b248a447c6b6423d58520377bab1a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Attack on Titan The Official Guidebook</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bef5327843ca3dc14dd11b7710a1c904a80ccc354171e00cc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsst_tsuro_choose_your_path.jpg" alt="Tsuro Choose Your Path" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b4ae78edc0a7abecf25c67643bb9790a4d9fe0ba2667c6b28"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Tsuro Choose Your Path</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf12b046b53c7ad3b8983dc820933159cd851b0c8aad3c302" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnk_goodnight_nanny_cam.jpg" alt="Goodnight Nanny-Cam" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be14f0ade13eb075f24a37d864d66572ee8b3670da0af9fac"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Goodnight Nanny-Cam</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b21facba49acd1ad2b6c65efca5c0768f97e8139b00cf9299" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c8a_rabbids_plush_sound_series1.jpg" alt="Rabbids Plush with Sound Series 1" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b1423d32884504b5ea4f543887e042dac82760ad08aef20c2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rabbids Plush with Sound Series 1</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6c5c413aaa54852d26141a0687969a83a45c131644276dfe" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvp_doctor_who_20oz_mug.jpg " alt="Doctor Who 20oz Mug" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bce140195af99742c018a78c451e99ea257f6ba7fa15173fe"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who 20oz Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b84747618de62eaf278d90fb38929527a930717f4ca8e4caf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20df_ledr-the_geek_tool_roll.jpg" alt="Ledr - The Geek Tool Roll" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b34dc77a8657b8a5b20a17137c05dbcd3b94de9fceffb41df"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Ledr - The Geek Tool Roll</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc4f0ac80147a4acd09e4267736c8153688b68ce83a127c53" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ed5_marvel_avengers_nesting_dolls.jpg " alt="Marvel Avengers Nesting Dolls" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba0f5b54e269acf889ec73723566013cc1952aab381b23ee2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Avengers Nesting Dolls</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6af815565d3ba38d69050db7499482a5b0b960c9a48b1cbb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e64_tmnt_blind_box_minis_vinyl_figs.jpg " alt="TMNT Blind Box Minis Vinyl Figures" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6536ae8e0eebc1407b8edd2be85040927e573422f58f1b4b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>TMNT Blind Box Minis Vinyl Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bec78e740671fcc78cf7627069c33fc327096dac97721f0cd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f5c_sp_to_go_salt_pepper_shakers.jpg" alt="S&P To Go Salt and Pepper Shakers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bd130461c028784c2f4997f32e4554c688b249fbdc6813207"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>S&P To Go Salt and Pepper Shakers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b04e98d98ff8c9878050176e079680679079050a6b19ee7dc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2065_kill_bill_pop_figs.jpg" alt="Kill Bill Vinyl Pop Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bcf26e28f442c55e9dd4459d227f7cafe0f8604765a454221"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Kill Bill Vinyl Pop Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b5ffd5368406d3d4a8beba4fb9647c2287c65780a6d522469" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d37_dc_bombshells_posters_kat_zat.jpg" alt="DC Bombshells Art Prints - Katana & Zatanna" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bdc315c8972bc77a203b2181427a9fc4a35a6efb73c54eecc"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DC Bombshells Art Prints - Katana & Zatanna</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b0287a347c4852ce58234787cf504e1c82a99f5b09b3723ab" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d9d_funko_pop_buffy_figs.jpg" alt="Buffy The Vampire Slayer Vinyl Pop Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bbd19d8d0b427e9b18d77e044c04787781668e83041fe6320"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Buffy The Vampire Slayer Vinyl Pop Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b825821c55ead63d48b6a90bb8e99d3e0320d534b958bed5f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrop_exclusive_i_love_batman_ladies_scoop_neck_sweatshirt_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive I Love Batman Ladies' Scoop Neck Sweatshirt - 60% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b68d91b937e2f09c8cd520902bbb1bee3c3bc56b679c1b485"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive I Love Batman Ladies' Scoop Neck Sweatshirt - 60% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf7fcadc419fdc0c3af93e010d08dfced0d20ad0e43377b31" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f2e8_bero_be_the_robot.jpg" alt="Bero - Be the Robot - 67% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b02c81b3db5c221f82a1671ac1b518f3abe867423578f7737"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bero - Be the Robot - 67% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b3829c604945ceb2802f06e25391aa9b3202ae39b88beece7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b85_dw_st_monitor_mates_collector_set.jpg" alt="Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - 67% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085ba4242760965ea1ebc4961ccb6f764ac1454be66b2c7c15b4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who & Star Trek Monitor Mates Collector's Set - 67% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bb7b7943a2e0c5485c51872a971730a093a964be0e27ef91e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a60_power_symbol_glow_in_dark_mug.gif" alt="Power Symbol Glow in the Dark Mug - 60% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b3c5f4b170e9ca37fdf60141ac7dd6f1e2fcf38f7ccd96af6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Power Symbol Glow in the Dark Mug - 60% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b51c5091b2b697149a4767fb284351ba7a6176a9c97c1bdc4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a20_portal_2_aperture_logo_knee_socks_all.jpg" alt="Portal 2 Aperture Logo Knee Socks 3-Pack - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b2871a3979f1e0b150d1ebb4730d1eece1533e09a645f01e2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Portal 2 Aperture Logo Knee Socks 3-Pack - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bbe92a176299c5c772586c7e196391fa880b5cfe43dd18c4c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/15b6_build_on_brick_shot_glass_set.jpg" alt="Build-On Brick Shot Glass 4-Pack - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b8fc40ce41183e2d50181074f5e6f22b2289908dc060421e0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Build-On Brick Shot Glass 4-Pack - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b41952dcd5fe9186e04ea6a21ef639bea23cf92af6afc6d0f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/19f4_star_wars_towels.jpg" alt="Star Wars Beach Towels - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b5583711b5d43ba06290c1695d9d7fc4784231df444de46c4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Beach Towels - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bc747ef0d5427cff6619dbce7e8ac9abe981c6f5e1d7cfeaa" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d03_iprank_cracked_screen_sticker_pack.jpg" alt="iPrank Cracked Screen Sticker Pack - 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b7eaf832c9f3d65ca925fd255831e6329452ac6910b5f34bb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>iPrank Cracked Screen Sticker Pack - 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bae5a1e9fa5e1977c8f63258749528b27290321c807c1d648" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-31-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="Now entering the testing chamber..." title="Now entering the testing chamber..." /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>Now entering the testing chamber...</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b7fbcc676c1c5303efb5814c7c6dac159b44989c719ca102d" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"That time of the year"</span><br />Oh, Nanowrimo!<br />

Digits bleed from keyboard speed<br />

Send band aids now. Ouch!</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Terri from Hackettstown, NJ!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6861f59c5159e2467378ce4cf399a999fbe63dbde890434a" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b6861f59c5159e2467378ce4cf399a999fbe63dbde890434a" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;"><em>* Some exclusions apply. See website for details. Only valid at www.thinkgeek.com.</em></p>
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be46a8219848217dbeade5cf7d1ae8d6dff72119b850d63c1"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be5a1907b7dc34e39a094f536da6d2b09c523c963b76da222" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085be76dc882c2d7a0b6f2bdb21176ed6166dd2dd4d7bc297a74"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bee33e5ece828ef4e153e7cb88e3f7f7314d64574aa2135c8"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf2ab13025e15f0400528c8eb04d987f23404c71e43504d9e"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b34cbf274ab7b44c757e35ffb6925ad1d77156ada2616a6e9"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085bf6b9a49f75c4736b11eec0d6f7c1296fab6aa8ce3a139efc"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=0c9941a8e08e085b65eaed0ff29ff2839ae408d98310a0773afc2a21e8ff457b" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--ekW0w6ncv5B9=_?:--

