Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.182.152.40 with SMTP id uv8csp8312obb;
        Fri, 14 Nov 2014 10:35:23 -0800 (PST)
X-Received: by 10.224.126.133 with SMTP id c5mr13207770qas.53.1415990122937;
        Fri, 14 Nov 2014 10:35:22 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67598466-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta.email.thinkgeek.com (mta.email.thinkgeek.com. [66.231.88.32])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id d7si8144501qar.60.2014.11.14.10.35.22
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Fri, 14 Nov 2014 10:35:22 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67598466-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) client-ip=66.231.88.32;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67598466-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67598466-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com
Received: by mta.email.thinkgeek.com id hcp5mk163hsa for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Fri, 14 Nov 2014 12:07:16 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67598466-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: Defy gravity: Hoverkraft has arrived + up to 30% off your order!
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2014 12:07:14 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe4c1277706d0c797312-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe4c1277706d0c797312-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_67598466
Message-ID: <60470e2a-00e4-4f3b-a95a-ab2e439c7040@xtinmta478.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="tecR282eayVm=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--tecR282eayVm=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

SPOOOOOOOOON!

Amazon, sometimes we love you. Like when we realize we can get
same-day delivery of cheese doodles. Or when you told us that you
were reviving the live-action <em>Tick</em> and keeping Patrick
Warburton, who, coincidentally, turns 50 today. That's right. The
voice behind <em>Family Guy's</em> Joe Swanson and Brock Samson
from <em>The Venture Bros.</em> turns the big five-oh. And, yeah,
<em>Rules of Engagement</em>. But we're going to go with the
Brock persona plus some time travel and say we hope he can cross
"stab Hitler to death" off his list this year. Congrats, man.
Looking forward to seeing you don the big blue costume of justice
once again.

Hoverkraft Levitating Construction Challenge ####################

Fight the power (of gravity)

We love games, so we decided to invent one. Hoverkraft is an
old-school building game with a twist. Players take turns
stacking pieces on a platform... that levitates. Using magnetic
repulsion, we've built a gameboard that defies gravity. Stack
translucent game pieces higher and higher or remove them as the
die dictates. The last player to place a block without causing
the platform to tumble wins. A ThinkGeek exclusive! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f874467418a7d5eb0dd51906ed68a0a007443b816bc3bd66

SuperNova Light Cube LED Bluetooth Speaker ######################

Stellar sound!

If you were touching a star when it exploded, you'd experience a
tremendous noise and an effulgent blast of light. And you'd be
dead. We don't want you dead, but we do want you to experience a
supernova... the SuperNova Bluetooth(R) speaker. It pairs
exemplary sound with super bright LEDs and prisms, creating a
mesmerizing light show. With a SuperNova Cube Light Show Speaker
connected to your tunes, your music will shine. A ThinkGeek
exclusive!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162761d70e650f3a34de9b742029aeceeb6ed20851c9f4f8195

20% off on orders $50+ ##########################################
25% off on orders $100+
30% off on orders $150+

Nellie Bly went around the world faster than Phileas Fogg!
Celebrate and save. Use code NELLIE until 11:59pm ET 11/16/14.* 

Around the world in seventy-two!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627856e9df2faabcd62a502d227075cd54618f14603d74339e

* Some exclusions apply. See website for details.

What's New(s)! ##################################################

Star Trek The Next Generation Worf Costume Hoodie - Today is a
good day to buy!

Each ST:TNG Worf Costume Hoodie looks just like Worf's uniform
with a printed replica of his Klingon warrior sash and
embroidered house badges. When you put on a Worf Hoodie, you'll
feel the soul of a true warrior flow through you. It will create
a burning in your heart which, when combined with the soft hoodie
material, will keep you warm as a targ in a pile of other targs.
Qapla'! A ThinkGeek exclusive!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e5983d3485f7a3858fd080c7cd718960239ac854c571d4ed


Critical Hit Dreidel - Spin it to win it

Make your Festival of Lights that much more festive with this
light-up Critical Hit Dreidel, which flashes when it lands on
gimel. If you've ever spun a d4 or d10, you know where we got
this idea. And when we play D&D, we like to imagine the dragon's
guarding a hoard of chocolate gelt, so this fits nicely. So put
your share in the pot with your own gelt "gold pieces" and get
ready to play. A ThinkGeek exclusive!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628f1e613392e72fa25c8b6d4af14bb2a7e1c5539ee4d48602


Two New Musical Gadgets - Are you ready to rock?

The Guitar Wing and the Moog Werkstatt are ready to take your
music to new levels. The Guitar Wing is a wireless, MIDI control
surface for guitar and bass players. With the included WingFX
plugin, you can instantly access and control digital effects. For
synth lovers, Moog has created the Werkstatt. The Moog Werkstatt
is an easy-to-assemble patchable and compact, one oscillator
analog synthesizer. Put both in your studio to be
synth-toxicated!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1629252bdb7176f1f9f1ef861c88e49d9724c96be8d0d83c8e6
desc/0/100


Light Show Fountain Speakers - New color available

If your trip to Vegas isn't complete without the fountain show at
the Bellagio, our Light Show Fountain Speakers are relevant to
your interests. Plug them into your iPod, mp3 player, or computer
via the included USB cable and start up your tunes: the water
inside will dance to the beat and the 4 multi-colored LEDs will
light up. Available in original chrome and brand new matte black,
rubberized finish! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16243109a31e43b91909efc05e5561d31a193d29e32d2dd5573


Star Wars X-Wing Kitchen Block - Stay on target

The Force Awakens. And then, after he gets up, Luke is hungry for
breakfast. Good thing he's got this X-Wing Kitchen Block! It
comes with five kitchen knives, each of which is made from one
piece of metal, so no handles falling off in combat with dinner.
Plus, it features sheaths integrated into the design - which
looks like an X-Wing. Darth Vader says, "The X-Wing Kitchen Block
is nice, but please keep it away from your thermal exhaust port."
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625eb0cd62b90e818739833a29ed0c2e18138013e925a9c486


Portal 2 Companion Cube Apron - Did somebody say "cake"?

Don this Portal 2 Companion Cube Apron to prove the cake is not a
lie. It's got long ties sewn on for the waist and neck, a heart
on the top, and a large ruffle around the bottom. Best part?
Pockets! One blue and one orange. Aha! <em>That</em> explains why
our tools aren't ever in the first pocket we reach into. If you
want this for your holiday baking, get it now, because it's a
ThinkGeek creation & exclusive so you won't find it anywhere
else.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16254bcf6d421e6396af30375226f012dce3e9090d2ce3c7d6f


MOSS Modular Robot Construction Kit - We welcome our modular
robotic overlords

In the box for the MOSS Modular Robot Construction Kit, you'll
find a bunch of cubes and metal balls. The cubes are the robotic
modules: motors, proximity sensors, light sensors, etc. They have
magnets embedded in each corner, which is where the balls come
in. Use the balls to put the modules together in a variety of
robotic forms. If you have more than one kit (or more modules),
they'll all work together to build even bigger and crazier
robots! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625cf8d5455907bec10c5ac589323c0cda717603453c9fbc61


PowerCube - Power all the things!

Every year, we throw the latest power outlet solution into the
stockings, and this year everybody's getting a PowerCube.
PowerCubes unclutter your outlets, and there's an option that's
just the right solution for you. ThinkGeek carries 5 different
models: ones that plug directly into the wall vs. with a cord,
ones with 5 sockets vs. 4 sockets and 2 USB ports. Go to the
page. We promise it's easy to figure out which one you want
there.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622ddee0df74debb3cdb33c4304133e5fcfde3f7263ed293d3


Fotorama Marvel Spider-Man Game - Shoot Rhino!

Spider-Man is ready to train you. Set this mini version of him on
something in the middle of your room, and he'll project images of
Rhino all over your walls. Shoot them with your Spider-Blaster to
see how many you can hit in 90 seconds. With three skill levels
to conquer, Spidey is ready to keep kids on their toes and
improve hand/web coordination. This Spider-Man game will
definitely get your Spidey-sense tingling!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16233f147bdfdb4b94f8470fd8120af396c774480273a9c8af7


Alien Pint Glass Set of Four - Open wide for a surprise!

These Alien pint glasses are just like the ones fast food joints
gave away in the late 70s/early 80s. They each feature a
different scene on one side and one quarter of the lifecycle of
the Alien on the other. Put all four in the right order, and
you'll see the Alien become a horror. Put them in the reverse
order... and the Alien retreats into an egg after healing the
ruptured ulcer of The War Doctor!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16239c82b802b7a2e41364702a81ad8a02444074d657f5273fe


Evak Glass Food Storage Container - Ready for the apocalypse 

Air is the enemy of dry food. Why? Well, because most air has
moisture in it. That's why we keep our staples in Evak
containers. The handle/lid of the Evak has two one-way valves.
One ensures the quick evak-uation of all the air in the container
- just press it down. The other makes air flow in the other way
when you pull the handle so you can get to your stuff. We love
using our Evak for storing coffee, so it's good to the last bean!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16244d148195088ae0f206f77b5ec684c7827575d01cf010f93


Doctor Who Bookends - Keeps your shelf from getting all
wibbly-wobbly

There are many things fans of Doctor Who love, and one of those
things is often literature. Whether you want to use these to
display your collection of novelizations, your non-fiction about
the series, or your favorite sci-fi, the TARDIS makes the perfect
set of bookends to keep your shelf from getting all wibbly-wobbly
on you. Note: Will not hold your copy of the <em>Encyclopedia
Gallifreya</em> or fiction mist. Sorry!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162cb027272ffd18ae8fb896c933c1ec3c696a53e442f8175b3


Star Trek Original Series NCC-1701 Watch - Elegant and functional

When cold-starting anti-matter engines or zipping around a
gravity well at warp speed, you can find yourself in a time warp.
Make sure you've got an accurate (and stylish) timepiece, just in
case you lose track! Meet the ST:TOS NCC-1701 Watch. The face is
etched to look like the saucer of the Enterprise, and the strap
features a red stripe and a subtle Star Trek logo. It'll keep you
boldly going, and, more importantly, getting there on time.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16208e70d607e6970fd08b018988f6d31f5596517da07f54944


Ollie: The App Controlled Robot - Tiny skateboarding genius toy
robot

Meet Ollie. He's a cylinder. He can't do all the things that his
spherical counterpart Sphero can do, but he can do one thing
particularly well: go fast. 14 miles an hour. And his wheels spin
independently, which basically makes him a tiny skateboarding
genius. He can spin, drift, flip, turn, and tumble when you tell
him to via an app on your phone. Board games are fun, but can
they leap over a human? Give a toy nobody will forget this
holiday.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627e39092f9a7756e72111a04242f33122e209f2fb910dd4af


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162110b62650ab3a3f33689b89c74940dd70f378fa07f1f71ec

Frostborn (Thrones and Bones) - Autographed Edition
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16265405517f1c8bd8c9124d34434125603239edaa06f778a43

Marvel Legendary Card Game
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627e5bf0e03828e9c3f2f41d814a5e802ed85859c832a08fbb

HookUpz Universal Smartphone Optics Adapter
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626e0ce1147c2e9f8dd7829e58c04a8ba1e71d5c95cf58ba6d

Super Mario S.H. Figuarts
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624c72595c8be617a2b19607e173196fe530e0bfa4c7320d42

Dead Panic
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16294fc1da806ba289e17f59d4c883ac28fffd1ea8d24641419

Game of Thrones: The Hound Limited-Edition Bust
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a7d419280a98c8e2b9545741240a5579ebf63c02f39020be

Magic the Gathering Vinyl Pop Figures 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16260fe96f8428379e296f0ed49939e2ac4e7c343ff56878da4

Albert Einstein Fleece Blanket
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624272c4c2003f4432956c6565331e59ba17564f8faadf23fc

Spider Glove Launcher for Kids
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c7d748afdfa67e78d919b4b6fa49539d901916c0133f4564

Shark Salt & Pepper Shakers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162fc193daed4ee7bb2f60b55fac5c34a2b729146e5467c7ac9

Creepy Horseman Desk Bobbler
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621841fc9650f0b07897967f9e93b7e42811267580717e5632

Cooper's Incredible DIY mini Beer Kit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162aaaf51681ed2df34752178adb9f8b5554bf75e5bc28e7331

Vinderpants
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162916f0a39e1c55ab8a9453f44d889ec09ee9094e351d761f5

Vinderhosen
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f2e94b09741e34bba59039715ea437b0a7259befd6319489

Very Thirsty Vampire Parody
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628b554a8f2f75c554abc4beeb66679a26c96d3774725eb043

Batman Fabrikations Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f5a75b133a1e5b31593ee1df1fb224488d4df93b2a31726a

Deadpool Fabrikations Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16253b6a62213a5dfbde49ad87f76d199009314b1d0fa45e3da

Star Wars Die Cutz Auto Decal 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16239ad8dd874909d792480f35a989ff1cac666ec2ae23cbca3

Disney Jack Die Cutz Auto Decal
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162dfc9d813f2ea80a473f0285bdc52a22d032d1749b8b71207

Marvel Avengers Die Cutz Auto Decal
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a73aa983645c7c796531c50bab36242bb480002d82beb08d

Star Wars Injection Molded Emblem
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162d21f468a9ad2b4bd4579cb29f60046f79b2a8950b3711157

Batman Logo Injection Molded Emblem
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626c6212b6b1e73439945240ab14a1127ca79cc731ac13ee9c

The Official Steampunk User's Manual
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162701af5f6b2390cbeab79e9de33f0495cdabd9be76675001f

Razer Kraken Pro Neon Series Gaming Headsets
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a0964bb5ba40a757e1b5281ec0be250923b616d4e243dbfc

New Apparel! ####################################################

ThinkGeek Exclusive TARDIS Costume Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ddcd5c841e71c96fd6657aa5ce40ef558851174e9e1c4f25

ThinkGeek Exclusive Batman Wreath
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16201732f6515a29889001a281ce4843a3c4228475b72f74dba

I Am Olaf Ladies' Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626fd3b4a20eaa59d35fdd063d34097e6648e506fa1c35c07b

Exterminate Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1629fbecbe10d99f7dca2690ec6173d12f055aa97103de5b4c8

Neo-Tatooine is about to E.X.P.L.O.D.E.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620552a9e8b32a3a2fbc398f4d0cebce147fe3be2586c7e31c

Exclusive Survey Corps Rolled Sleeve Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16213b11322b6e635134c16aad95104d24df06f5c3aa60f6109

Exclusive Garrison Rolled Sleeve Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628f50f716da9b0588557b3c1dce3b595ba6ad74f294ec9aa1

Wolfram & Hart
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16253b993ae603f6c28bcfe79312470beef13eb109ff098f467

8-Bit Star Wars Galaxy
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16205c8908eb32f4838d56304569925bcdc1735feb25daa9ef0

Imperial Snow Angel Ladies' Raglan Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c845dff49a87cad9e7fe3f7a763503c2fa599ec94ab20584

Don't Take My Word for It Ladies' Raglan Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622a0017de576d2a3ab87c1f334c4eb6dc1eda3f698ec4f045

Legends of the Hidden Temple Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b1c4f5321cf5993273611078a5955f96e9165bd18df30d36

Angry Beavers Fitted Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162308074e279f6c743de891cac21452f6b4ed94e69109c4d3d

Mini Vader Ladies' Tank Top
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622f7323222909a5c3f320b99001bd03a0de2f6f68bb3f190d

Hydra in the Shadows Glow-in-the-Dark
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627e0b854f05be3f2f924732c6e3fd23cdeeba4b710b02fd48

Hombre Ara&ntilde;a
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626e6cb75a80eb27ad72e373e6a9e50c13c4b0e8d401b5dc10

Joliet Correctional
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622b1e2673678ef958531cc7cae8fd6b8d1b07ff50203de094

Jurassic Toy Story
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16273988d6d82be40c9513e4a52e401d938f7f362e5e3ac7ef9

Web Exclusive Periodic Ponies
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162230837ff6a8de16e28b0ca624c44cf01c5dd2ffb0dd9e3ff

Thor 62 Logo Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16206d8b2d21d8e0a3dddfcd17108dfc3a640f7028ebf348d99

Meows Ladies' Fitted Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16207e846a1d6d4e57b4a479010fd0a264b8a5b8ed570a818e4

Munchkin Shirt of Laziness
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b814faf9d93bf4fb51ae3dfec786be98f6e202bb7f02075d

Darth Vader Slippers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162313d525da4437a6e744ebf7f785418b59e6f0b804565fe00

Wampa Slippers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162500b6a627f8d80de46e9443c817d6dc21b7c65949939f0e8

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Sphero Robotic Ball - 24% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626b9df77f48fe1a65bbbe6ab5dd593a3daf1d43bb34fb6eb9

Handbag of Holding - 10% off        
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621f6aec74d8573529005e59e505513aad2d2442ea4dbfb221

Case Maker Pro For iPhone 5 - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622309622bfc23cd0782d724fc6e0b7e85f4a7810c806ff639

Pocket Stashes - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a72dae7cf5a597228ac45bb9f0e76cb5651a52cdb8fff3c2

Au Lightning Cable - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ccce4b76f4d96217162a18df2799b76b2bf96a010f874d1f

PowerPot Thermoelectric Generator - 33% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16291fc0778805d9bbcc17ab824e1b967c4732cb05a1dd9c5d0

Insanely-Hot Dried Scorpion Peppers  - up to 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162349800663e7ae74e1bc4c00d419ada6a80dd02c9e658b88f

Bluetooth Handset Gloves  - up to 40% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b96af9c7bc7563e43ce16d022675cd3873cf36eb21a9c96d

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: One big blocky family

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a0c78b5bad2d68c05bed21011b07f99978134db8d580740c

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16298d7c9db4095be4314cd4939c5e16af06ba808dd9d114a16

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Jacqueline B. from
Carrollton, GA! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Pronounced
Fronkensteen":

Doctor Frankenstein
An environmentalist
Who recycled parts

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16230422bc20d4d4c317e2a0844aa9e58f3169d08d333355a6e

Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1623a96432948cbce4387d3abc54e8e8408471b501b6d118b97

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620e5e1bbd9d01f1d2a18967e276227794d44d19722dcf916e

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162704bef5c2663e6fed3e5f64a6e342beffb0df5fcc09a5a92

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f98b458d1564f0cb9c16164c20863492ff36e3a11fc765c3

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b1f5d69d74535d0de638577edbcce4605b40c23ad32c936b

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627408a19e3ceaa2042a262621339e5a2a668e29f21bd1fdeb

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162bc2c8f28ba84c4fe453eea1ecbfdd178cc8d9d860cdc2e32

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1629eb72b0a125e3c0c0b68984a42b30bd62e78a3061521ec93

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c1c4ec6b7aebabe8169138293f5359f48d76db694cfa5d05

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628af7766d349045e94cfc9e83563b49e39fc34a4ab74bb45c

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622c4fa955e5df8a2f14544ca83bc7448630a1c0875dc4e850

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16279c049875885f4566118f3a8334d0600d4310f2247b962ba

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621462735a70b8fa4cf466c96b90897df5835d26033eb57411

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620473c63f364499b6c519ec742e982fe3c8fe0bbf0a1ee1c0

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162554a0a14302022970864b37776f8caeb77118481202d2877 *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628d5437f7d40e80ef1eb101c7bc2cfe635339fc951a04bc6f

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162bc2c8f28ba84c4fe453eea1ecbfdd178cc8d9d860cdc2e32 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--tecR282eayVm=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe4c1277706d0c797312-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10042" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 320px !important; height: 60px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}
		[class=prodlist] {padding: 0px 0px 0px 20px !important;}

	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 500px !important; height: 70px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}
		[class=prodlist] {padding: 0px 0px 0px 20px !important;}

	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Use NELLIE until 11/16!</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162083d8cc4aad542310ec202ffa340ce69581fbf9e674ddc68" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162083d8cc4aad542310ec202ffa340ce69581fbf9e674ddc68" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162fb597727709ee0dab42a62510005cbb0bc5a1cad144ccae4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2014-holidaytimmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ff700676b14d0256242efdb00e40216f6920116bee889bdd" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1629ff5aa056114f1c09795374654f8631b4b265d136c6c2a83" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16217f88dee21d9b120e6020c3ed0e0543dd71ec694bb25a637" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627d49a3264337f0989370a61d534f2eb72146ec80205ac0b7" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#96141a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1623de90f30249ea81b9090b8eaff4ae70092fb7ec24faa29fc" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GIFT CENTER</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ca8164e784f82974ad8a5fafbafceba1a8ef9a0f84d645bd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-hoverkraft1.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="Hoverkraft Levitating Construction Challenge" title="Fight the power (of gravity)" class="feature" style="margin: 2px 0px 0px 10px; display: block;"/><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f5614f076f0015cdb4f755d7dbc8513da0e46b8e27f79ff7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-hoverkraft2.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Hoverkraft Levitating Construction Challenge" title="Fight the power (of gravity)" class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 0px 10px; display: block;" /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ca8164e784f82974ad8a5fafbafceba1a8ef9a0f84d645bd" >
<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-hoverkraft3.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Hoverkraft Levitating Construction Challenge" title="Fight the power (of gravity)" class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 0px 10px; display: block;" /></a>
				<br />
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162aecbdff1f3476e4f1c04bed91594ff87d0206c0f1bcf9a14" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-supernova1.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="SuperNova Light Cube LED Bluetooth Speaker" title="Stellar sound!" class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 0px 10px; display: block;"/><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b4e9f7b279304de207abd3fe2f9f13ac7f2ff1a478cef883" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-supernova2.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="SuperNova Light Cube LED Bluetooth Speaker" title="Stellar sound!" class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 0px 10px; display: block;" /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162aecbdff1f3476e4f1c04bed91594ff87d0206c0f1bcf9a14" >
<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-supernova3.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="SuperNova Light Cube LED Bluetooth Speaker" title="Stellar sound!" class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 0px 10px; display: block;" /></a>
				<br />
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b7a9e4e60fee9f9739388a5faf52cd6b6ae07c93decd2c1a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-tieredoffer.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="20% off on orders $50+, 25% off on orders $100+, 30% off on orders $150+" title="Use code NELLIE until 11:59pm ET 11/16/14." class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">SPOOOOOOOOON!</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">Amazon, sometimes we love you. Like when we realize we can get same-day delivery of cheese doodles. Or when you told us that you were reviving the live-action <em>Tick</em> and keeping Patrick Warburton, who, coincidentally, turns 50 today. That's right. The voice behind <em>Family Guy's</em> Joe Swanson and Brock Samson from <em>The Venture Bros.</em> turns the big five-oh. And, yeah, <em>Rules of Engagement
</em>. But we're going to go with the Brock persona plus some time travel and say we hope he can cross "stab Hitler to death" off his list this year. Congrats, man. Looking forward to seeing you don the big blue costume of justice once again.</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16285ae921bdda0777cbc9d7caf53c9eb4df9389e6aaafa0ec8" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Trek The Next Generation Worf Costume Hoodie - Today is a good day to buy!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624c6dcd65ea73ccae0f7de4a68950ebe65d7b1b54354248f6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1f4f_st_tng_worf_costume_hoodie.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Trek The Next Generation Worf Costume Hoodie - Today is a good day to buy!" width="81" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Each ST:TNG Worf Costume Hoodie looks just like Worf's uniform with a printed replica of his Klingon warrior sash and embroidered house badges. When you put on a Worf Hoodie, you'll feel the soul of a true warrior flow through you. It will create a burning in your heart which, when combined with the soft hoodie material, will keep you warm as a targ in a pile of other targs. Qapla'! A ThinkGeek exclusive!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16229d9b74339e948fde5f436a1de4b5abb99436c4210d4dad6" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Critical Hit Dreidel - Spin it to win it</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e85971b27b28a249b44334fe58b21c91a233f92c3ba904ed" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1841_critical_hit_dreidel.gif  " alt="If your images were on you'd see Critical Hit Dreidel - Spin it to win it" width="" height="" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Make your Festival of Lights that much more festive with this light-up Critical Hit Dreidel, which flashes when it lands on gimel. If you've ever spun a d4 or d10, you know where we got this idea. And when we play D&D, we like to imagine the dragon's guarding a hoard of chocolate gelt, so this fits nicely. So put your share in the pot with your own gelt "gold pieces" and get ready to play. A ThinkGeek exclusive!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a42241bceb16fb90bda186807f4a6fc5a28e43c3f3652872" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Two New Musical Gadgets - Are you ready to rock?</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162fb7b6d12fd68cb300927722c5b7e9e6b02bc73a446764668" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-music.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Two New Musical Gadgets - Are you ready to rock?" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The Guitar Wing and the Moog Werkstatt are ready to take your music to new levels. The Guitar Wing is a wireless, MIDI control surface for guitar and bass players. With the included WingFX plugin, you can instantly access and control digital effects. For synth lovers, Moog has created the Werkstatt. The Moog Werkstatt is an easy-to-assemble patchable and compact, one oscillator analog synthesizer. Put both in your studio to be synth-toxicated!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c9aad567d16df6e4e0f8c5e014e8242878e439979e87c351" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Light Show Fountain Speakers - New color available</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162d033c9fc96a78bc02a6df74ddd2814ab3f01bdf6e60fcf7e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/f188_lightshow_fountain_speakers2.gif" alt="If your images were on you'd see Light Show Fountain Speakers - New color available" width="130" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">If your trip to Vegas isn't complete without the fountain show at the Bellagio, our Light Show Fountain Speakers are relevant to your interests. Plug them into your iPod, mp3 player, or computer via the included USB cable and start up your tunes: the water inside will dance to the beat and the 4 multi-colored LEDs will light up. Available in original chrome and brand new matte black, rubberized finish!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16284924ea55f26e3e4db82f6f686badc2a64aed03c904ed58b" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Wars X-Wing Kitchen Block - Stay on target</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16214679cbecbf20fbc037cd602118ccc8f8b97cd22a2ca78b8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1f9c_star_wars_x_wing_kitchen_block.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Wars X-Wing Kitchen Block - Stay on target" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The Force Awakens. And then, after he gets up, Luke is hungry for breakfast. Good thing he's got this X-Wing Kitchen Block! It comes with five kitchen knives, each of which is made from one piece of metal, so no handles falling off in combat with dinner. Plus, it features sheaths integrated into the design - which looks like an X-Wing. Darth Vader says, "The X-Wing Kitchen Block is nice, but please keep it away from your thermal exhaust port."							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b8a3109b0bbd9e44e27ac7c61454d0649f638eee3b8636a4" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Portal 2 Companion Cube Apron - Did somebody say "cake"?</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622fa697c269ab80cf8a6ea09cd33da4014245cd57338c7c5f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1e30_portal2_companion_cube_apron.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Portal 2 Companion Cube Apron - Did somebody say cake?" width="" height="" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Don this Portal 2 Companion Cube Apron to prove the cake is not a lie. It's got long ties sewn on for the waist and neck, a heart on the top, and a large ruffle around the bottom. Best part? Pockets! One blue and one orange. Aha! <em>That</em> explains why our tools aren't ever in the first pocket we reach into. If you want this for your holiday baking, get it now, because it's a ThinkGeek creation & exclusive so you won't find it anywhere else.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625e4b6819a96a24fe2c6a7bd0be319331c8e35ea621f55a9f" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >MOSS Modular Robot Construction Kit - We welcome our modular robotic overlords</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162671b9c8ed3bfeeaa2353476dfe3b313bcb9016674ec0d763" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1d6c_moss_mod_robot_kit.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see MOSS Modular Robot Construction Kit - We welcome our modular robotic overlords" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">In the box for the MOSS Modular Robot Construction Kit, you'll find a bunch of cubes and metal balls. The cubes are the robotic modules: motors, proximity sensors, light sensors, etc. They have magnets embedded in each corner, which is where the balls come in. Use the balls to put the modules together in a variety of robotic forms. If you have more than one kit (or more modules), they'll all work together to build even bigger and crazier robots!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620a602a3efd1e18aa8ffea7f9454ed35397933960aae572a7" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >PowerCube - Power all the things!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f08908da22c52fbd03eb21acc1d78484259746bc221a9bef" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hmsk_powercube.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see PowerCube - Power all the things!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Every year, we throw the latest power outlet solution into the stockings, and this year everybody's getting a PowerCube. PowerCubes unclutter your outlets, and there's an option that's just the right solution for you. ThinkGeek carries 5 different models: ones that plug directly into the wall vs. with a cord, ones with 5 sockets vs. 4 sockets and 2 USB ports. Go to the page. We promise it's easy to figure out which one you want there.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627bf2f092e5a87ea7c55b969008295aa7f23a7512888837fb" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Fotorama Marvel Spider-Man Game - Shoot Rhino!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622ab8527766904d377317d99fd8e6df909e51dca6f86fe9f0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hsml_fotorama_marvel_spiderman_game.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Fotorama Marvel Spider-Man Game - Shoot Rhino!" width="130" height="102" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Spider-Man is ready to train you. Set this mini version of him on something in the middle of your room, and he'll project images of Rhino all over your walls. Shoot them with your Spider-Blaster to see how many you can hit in 90 seconds. With three skill levels to conquer, Spidey is ready to keep kids on their toes and improve hand/web coordination. This Spider-Man game will definitely get your Spidey-sense tingling!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16294185fa04e7d04a53d3b1e9075c52161c2ad494cc5e2321c" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Alien Pint Glass Set of Four - Open wide for a surprise!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162add8f5fd9e6e8a0c6fad5d6c5a542c12f924400ecf774c48" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1cec_alien_pint_glass_set_front.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Alien Pint Glass Set of Four - Open wide for a surprise!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">These Alien pint glasses are just like the ones fast food joints gave away in the late 70s/early 80s. They each feature a different scene on one side and one quarter of the lifecycle of the Alien on the other. Put all four in the right order, and you'll see the Alien become a horror. Put them in the reverse order... and the Alien retreats into an egg after healing the ruptured ulcer of The War Doctor!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620c494186edf4a2bfca7ea2016b142663e89fe31df2d1b853" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Evak Glass Food Storage Container - Ready for the apocalypse</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625b97b0fb0098b3f6df7de335b9839c5e506f0618bedb062f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1c61_evak_vacuum_storage_container.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Evak Glass Food Storage Container - Ready for the apocalypse" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Air is the enemy of dry food. Why? Well, because most air has moisture in it. That's why we keep our staples in Evak containers. The handle/lid of the Evak has two one-way valves. One ensures the quick evak-uation of all the air in the container - just press it down. The other makes air flow in the other way when you pull the handle so you can get to your stuff. We love using our Evak for storing coffee, so it's good to the last bean!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a7d89323df16d91d9bb3679e2ab7bebda057eb44fc5544c7" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Doctor Who Bookends - Keeps your shelf from getting all wibbly-wobbly</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16213f257a31012680c0fbd4193fdf50bfa56aa86a3c189d598" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1ec7_dw_tardis_bookends.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Doctor Who Bookends - Keeps your shelf from getting all wibbly-wobbly" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">There are many things fans of Doctor Who love, and one of those things is often literature. Whether you want to use these to display your collection of novelizations, your non-fiction about the series, or your favorite sci-fi, the TARDIS makes the perfect set of bookends to keep your shelf from getting all wibbly-wobbly on you. Note: Will not hold your copy of the <em>Encyclopedia Gallifreya</em> or fiction mist. Sorry!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622f4c82e9add452e1d6b8e59399d43fb1c955f8281c49bfd9" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Trek Original Series NCC-1701 Watch</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16281985d325f3ec389299564bb8d81111bf469532702c96feb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1372_star_trek_original_series_ncc1701_watch.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Trek Original Series NCC-1701 Watch" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">When cold-starting anti-matter engines or zipping around a gravity well at warp speed, you can find yourself in a time warp. Make sure you've got an accurate (and stylish) timepiece, just in case you lose track! Meet the ST:TOS NCC-1701 Watch. The face is etched to look like the saucer of the Enterprise, and the strap features a red stripe and a subtle Star Trek logo. It'll keep you boldly going, and, more importantly, getting there on time.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626b0acb9bd7076fe106e1f33a03585096348682d6c2b1fe21" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Ollie: The App Controlled Robot - Tiny skateboarding genius toy robot</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16279adb01267c4fbfca5328999dee42894dee00cfa53696340" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hrsp_sphero_ollie.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Ollie: The App Controlled Robot - Tiny skateboarding genius toy robot" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Meet Ollie. He's a cylinder. He can't do all the things that his spherical counterpart Sphero can do, but he can do one thing particularly well: go fast. 14 miles an hour. And his wheels spin independently, which basically makes him a tiny skateboarding genius. He can spin, drift, flip, turn, and tumble when you tell him to via an app on your phone. Board games are fun, but can they leap over a human? Give a toy nobody will forget this holiday.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162beb52ad4f69e9102af994e591e452b17a186dc69f01a0a80" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f07_thinkgeek_tardis_costume_hoodie.jpg" alt="ThinkGeek Exclusive TARDIS Costume Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ae07ef42eff126df897215a831ffff91c0e7170cdc7951af"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>ThinkGeek Exclusive TARDIS Costume Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16275e9ded509e24ee266f32bb2c7fd749ea02d98e9153ed1e1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2004_tg_ex_batman_wreath_dd.jpg" alt="ThinkGeek Exclusive Batman Wreath" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162dcf61099f02cbd8c91b86dd71dbb2b2f5694df6bfb3094d7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>ThinkGeek Exclusive Batman Wreath</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16201001f4f5d7cccc09a40bb800d6e5b64b849ea83b5554958" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f29_i_am_olaf_ladies_hoodie_front.jpg" alt="I Am Olaf Ladies' Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162bfbde9bc7df815593c7b026627164bdf336ff66da23eaa86"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>I Am Olaf Ladies' Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16299175cde9a21a6663ff5e5be5ff5c2e2a521742f31d9d771" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2160_exterminate_ladies_long_sleeve_tee.jpg" alt="Exterminate Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16258b3fc7fd63c3963ac7c6c2214ba22749c38f5013912ffd0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exterminate Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625b5973b208b508a2098b80ac988aa2bb976be4b3187b3661" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2177_neotatooine_dd.jpg" alt="Neo-Tatooine is about to E.X.P.L.O.D.E." width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16271d1e43cfd4fc81afa1fba044d5321a16898dd522aa32ad0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Neo-Tatooine is about to E.X.P.L.O.D.E.</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e5582d637ce46cae268d38565b65e3a2d1bc3d0d338ca0e2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fb6_exclusive_corps_rolled_ladies_tee_detail.jpg" alt="ThinkGeek Exclusive Survey Corps Rolled Sleeve Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1623579d26dab9e9e3ba7a9771ce09f9b6d7312ccdb05e73b57"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Survey Corps Rolled Sleeve Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16284e04d86bcadada6be70ef6f343a67bd37d16efccb41143f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fb7_exclusive_garison_rolled_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="ThinkGeek Exclusive Garrison Rolled Sleeve Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b2f8b4363f338c97b554f5d771c52b432a9bb0ddc4b8b553"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Garrison Rolled Sleeve Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162821daf972d4a47ab72957572849799c223b8a88f9b198ed6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnq_wolfram_and_hart_dd.jpg" alt="Wolfram & Hart" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c39c7f01ba96eafa940e64636df0d3dbb54f782edff46676"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Wolfram & Hart</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b01c29ce991a7ce528b20945096c06209099843a3c15c8ca" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsh_8bit_star_wars_galaxy_dd.jpg" alt="8-Bit Star Wars Galaxy" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ca1e188c92e4f9640240fbcd57502430db3669847000f689"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>8-Bit Star Wars Galaxy</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b18d486724156e281bebafc1c1080d4fe80bb1612af5d918" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2043_imperial_snow_angel_ladies_raglan_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Imperial Snow Angel Ladies' Raglan Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627ba24634156d01e42fb1def71a4099858bcc56f5c4f5c2b9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Imperial Snow Angel Ladies' Raglan Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16202f1c3f3c87359ecd03dfa291e5041b1bf3052fbf2080c61" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/206f_dont_take_my_word_ladies_raglan_tee_detail.jpg" alt="Don't Take My Word for It Ladies' Raglan Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162fb12c44f509dec1aea4a84cf5ae3db0eee3c7bdeca26e457"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Don't Take My Word for It Ladies' Raglan Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624bfc21a47b5c93f41b3f8772a03aa61832ccd3adf49409c9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2152_legends_of_the_hidden_temple_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Legends of the Hidden Temple Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627fe6060cd9f936a17b2a0b974cada70c5cc4d4af5cdc9ef8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Legends of the Hidden Temple Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ddf9e873656f838d99bb6135daba92423668391c0ed9ca07" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqj_angry_beavers_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Angry Beavers Fitted Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b6b001a9c25d66e22eb88c9c44760734b0386dbdc8a4d07e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Angry Beavers Fitted Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628a60547702203ab9521e1aaa510a8f626c82fd4aaa1a0df9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fd7_mini_vader_ladies_tank_top_dd.jpg" alt="Mini Vader Ladies' Tank Top" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16242857739a560bd1550805584d61c5aeda1ceb8ca9c89353d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Mini Vader Ladies' Tank Top</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162cf799ffac82aea8c25dfe7d7bff2cc011b132b0a254c615c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2113_hydra_in_the_shadows_glow_in_the_dark_dd.gif" alt="Hydra in the Shadows Glow-in-the-Dark" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627ef5345a8fdf9f2686c80c482ac8f3e42889e65c39fa3058"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hydra in the Shadows Glow-in-the-Dark</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16286d7236f20cbfd771c4c268f4ef4536ed070301f4282456d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20f7_hombre_arana_dd.jpg" alt="Hombre Ara&ntilde;a" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c6b6a6458f40c03f4413d801a74e3deee6770cb1864cf34b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Hombre Ara&ntilde;a</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b70289e580a11c35463c27e13a03a4eb531a2ae29e93d58d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsk_joliet_correctional_dd.jpg" alt="Joliet Correctional" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ec6aa1a4e1c698083d0eb5a32ecfc57d35cf5514841dec97"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Joliet Correctional</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162beee7089328dc0d40520e124f94107cecc6017938f2a9695" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrq_jurassic_toy_story_dd.jpg" alt="Jurassic Toy Story" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621e295f5419ef64d5d3640be19c552fc55eed13e6d291ab14"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Jurassic Toy Story</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16242bcc0dad16250fec2cca011a8743b77ec1609efda67873c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrpr_web_exclusive_periodic_ponies_dd.jpg" alt="Web Exclusive Periodic Ponies" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624a274da8ed3fa5c2ad778a965f3a5a8731cf237e3a894358"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Web Exclusive Periodic Ponies</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162d15fe1806d19a7ca5b795d4a128def2527d8785bd461b061" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2166_thor_62_logo_ladies_tee.jpg" alt="Thor 62 Logo Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16264da3bee196fe68a1a0b1829d77251bf4bf0fb7eca1ed71d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Thor 62 Logo Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162275a1c38f94afa6a18092fe7aaa3a8abbe84d0bbd85f2ff6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgs_meows_ladies_fitted_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Meows Ladies Fitted Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162d68b7f26c21e5639080ee1723ae6ffeecdba472c0edbf799"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Meows Ladies' Fitted Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624466432997df760c6de1c3e4af35a2d8207e54c4543fe8e0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20d7_munchkin_shirt_of_laziness_dd.jpg " alt="Munchkin Shirt of Laziness" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c212bdd9211bb4a0974dab42ebc2392e59e7ce80d23d8e3f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Munchkin Shirt of Laziness</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162936b9e86c9438e971f2bae30df91abdb3a8e4a126f6a408c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d59_darth_vader_slippers.jpg " alt="Darth Vader Slippers" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e3a7b143fd43b7d89a55954129515e526b14cc2080a1e587"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Darth Vader Slippers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16227be41fff8237a3d27a846fb2645ce6af9cc614e281873bf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d5a_wampa_slippers.jpg" alt="Wampa Slippers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ca1dac32cb3941c6ffff4876a2f44b88e972620d6a980c50"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Wampa Slippers</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620933dd40e385dcc7bcc63bb7961bd82468fc62eca88dd1ad" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrtp_thrones_and_bones_frostborn.jpg" alt="Frostborn (Thrones and Bones) - Autographed Edition" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625515cabbd5f9597e202a4369427ed2dc6663c940736096b2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Frostborn (Thrones and Bones) - Autographed Edition</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162009cd313d15f7c2b7b35e88937155da81f4d796321dfcd71" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hspu_marvel_legendary_card_game.jpg " alt="Marvel Legendary Card Game" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16212ac802d0b00c9c4ef1c74f760269d6fff99bcf8496ae5fb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Legendary Card Game</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c5d1598982c0cd11da416f0e168d871cfaa5cdbd4c5acf57" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvu_hookupz_smartphone_optics_adapter.jpg" alt="HookUpz Universal Smartphone Optics Adapter" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627bcb5eb37e9ee4e9bd8c786fa49922523324f7b0fa284e6b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>HookUpz Universal Smartphone Optics Adapter</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162862354ecf7e4d2b8d03602ee63400de70860db31f765072c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrr_super_mario_sh_figuarts.jpg" alt="Super Mario S.H. Figuarts" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162fc66e26e5deeec4dd8d101b22c895551bdd465fcd801b52c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Super Mario S.H. Figuarts</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162663bb69013a1470f3b5bd43a737e23c5078b0b2ea99ca69a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqi_dead_panic.jpg" alt="Dead Panic" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162bde516bc2dc3a32cfa55d09466c8ee3da5742224cfcf2acd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dead Panic</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b1ecbce9915cb2f16ee2b23ae90fc7d565079275f7eece11" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d67_got_hound_bust.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones: The Hound Limited-Edition Bust" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626e178f51f1a7208dbd1913b225cc4539484f73c65cf09680"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game of Thrones: The Hound Limited-Edition Bust</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16240ae52e45c573228ccc904edc35c64c796be96a23dfcdc5d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsqu_magic_the_gathering_vinyl_pop_figs.jpg " alt="Magic the Gathering Vinyl Pop Figures" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162881a34091ba1981f927a4ebf28f8ed65c47a0d05f3488805"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Magic the Gathering Vinyl Pop Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16256f37ddec402798d334b036def24677cb0e2103bccc16202" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f53_einstein_fleece_blanket.jpg" alt="Albert Einstein Fleece Blanket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622baf1b3d51b493e83b4075db08e28d23ed945f7d15c42286"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Albert Einstein Fleece Blanket</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f88498ede5f0876c9cb308c0a8d16131eddb9e8e16516fe2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htgv_spider_glove.jpg" alt="Spider Glove Launcher for Kids" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16205dbdaf1ee5ec9ce2feb77bbb6e72779932e81ef460ff078"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Spider Glove Launcher for Kids</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a369b7044ef054bb2ba9513473c2bbc0f061e0bba67cd738" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssq_shark_salt_pepper_shakers.jpg" alt="Shark Salt & Pepper Shakers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c6a2425b3b394ffad23e65099071c24328e3c7eca928bf35"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Shark Salt & Pepper Shakers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620691eb4679275c71ab4a418c53221b01ccbd067f365616c6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hthp_creepy_horseman_bobbler.gif" alt="Creepy Horseman Desk Bobbler" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626a12565804bff09764cbe34cba3977aea1dd3ad7a19e1e91"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Creepy Horseman Desk Bobbler</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16287606c9f9ee9a63bf0da992d1020609cf4d9012c76f51b06" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ecc_coopers_diy_mini_beer_kit.jpg" alt="Cooper's Incredible DIY mini Beer Kit" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1623c6b769430cb8c54d30a9916f2ac44bb4cd9987837d85751"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Cooper's Incredible DIY mini Beer Kit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c6ffed658a7b2202a0af6bf53fbd33f76d1e0899bb5cf083" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssn_vinderpants.jpg" alt="Vinderpants" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621e151feb191301fca2c419012947b9ba8cc3f77fe38f6a37"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Vinderpants</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f4f0c695cca5aa4a7ef3dcb48b8c2d4775277d29186bcbc8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssp_vinderhosen.jpg " alt="Vinderhosen" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627c09d1bc35c23830d5163c5a5d9b9afca798c54b72e899f8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Vinderhosen</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620ee088e8d24fb722fdc647ec24ac9eca619d4dcb039950d7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hthj_very_thirsty_vampire.jpg " alt="Very Thirsty Vampire Parody" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e2212b14d5e78a36c34c1028b0350ed2ae31a8848355f62f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Very Thirsty Vampire Parody</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16276ea22e8e78460e130a7e8f358496ef0a03bbe4485621e25" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20ce_batman_fabrikations_plush.jpg " alt="Batman Fabrikations Plush" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622616da024351ce7053df7ce967809d68de57938ae10a5504"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Fabrikations Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a4ea82917869567e9554c07940a9b86a425c5602bb69274b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20cf_deadpool_fabrikations_plush.jpg " alt="Deadpool Fabrikations Plush" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627cf9f554aa580499c4a0a8567a30582e1c248cc26a685939"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Deadpool Fabrikations Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16218228e436b82079f05972d0b8e6b7c5992cec6ad57883c91" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssv_star_wars_die_cutz_auto_decal_vader.jpg " alt="Star Wars Die Cutz Auto Decal" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162062bb35e6659aaed21102440051e24f42711de9d0a1cc6cf"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Die Cutz Auto Decal</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622dc0eb5faa1b05edce73aa2953ab246869e345491fe9773a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hstg_nbx_jack_die_cutz_auto_decal.jpg" alt="Disney Jack Die Cutz Auto Decal" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16291cb1188a9dce1dcf2006c47051e829162827863e549d1f3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Disney Jack Die Cutz Auto Decal</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627747d1ca3b2a304cd23fb40d0f3befc8c15583203c5aa8df" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsti_marvel_avengers_die_cutz_decals.jpg" alt="Marvel Avengers Die Cutz Auto Decal" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621194491984a15ed6b646112c8fd7d093fe8a6a3b12fd7012"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Avengers Die Cutz Auto Decal</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1623423559e240b66fb74ce049a46f316badeecfb4533c8a2dc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hstj_sw_injection_molded_emblem.jpg " alt="Star Wars Injection Molded Emblem" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162dd57ebb51fbfd35b956213a6646fbbdce7d6ce2699f5e8f4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Injection Molded Emblem</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ae9f384a8d6a03f9264593350c6258f5f2a3f69fadcb372f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hstk_batman_injection_molded_emblem.jpg" alt="Batman Logo Injection Molded Emblem" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16237c710cbf727fcd7f1f504bfedefdef37cd90cce8249dfb7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Logo Injection Molded Emblem</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16213d4044bc40a30b1797220693ee3b17bbc26a2b8eb5cb5e0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1eed_steampunk_users_manual.jpg " alt="The Official Steampunk User's Manual" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621774e58f28cbc4814dd26e05e66c9e05ead327e082ccbf83"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Official Steampunk User's Manual</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624af271361c0d10a8aac0d9af2e2fa7896fe6f11079391508" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hspt_razer_kraken_pro_neon_gaming_headsets_blue.jpg" alt="Razer Kraken Pro Neon Series Gaming Headsets" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621e40684d51a904d3763b8676ca695157a8ea54ff4fbe9688"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Razer Kraken Pro Neon Series Gaming Headsets</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625499c35187d2eb04bfda9d86240b6fdabf12170f88297e19" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ed94_sphero_robotic_ball.jpg" alt="Sphero Robotic Ball - 24% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16218a3f6e33d2ffbd3d765f578f93184f06570ee3a57f73e58"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sphero Robotic Ball - 24% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162b93bd62eba7e27a3148b4da645dfa689c2413e6b8ea870ac" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/14b2_handbag_of_holding.jpg" alt="Handbag of Holding - 10% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162150de736ab87d5de2e671da93e2ed8e04e65e009bd99e722"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Handbag of Holding - 10% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16256b3636c9c23695976b0ca1d6ca30e9ca79fc28bcb0f7705" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b8f_casemaker_pro_for_iphone.jpg" alt="Case Maker Pro For iPhone 5 - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162917c435e27e7dcb9b86a210d0337fe6f5f4c49eb38824696"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Case Maker Pro For iPhone 5 - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16209eaf1fec17337c19b971b871107d231cb152e1851e49ddf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e6b1_pocket_stashes.jpg" alt="Pocket Stashes - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e0c984039c4bf733edce8135edbf72fa13e488a31c083eba"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Pocket Stashes - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624aba0fab90d695b1662e00fa335383ba33d760ec5626486e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/18b2_au_lightning_cable.jpg" alt="Au Lightning Cable - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162d5af6900dd671a79f92aa9297a8377c5b66faef8d27fae15"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Au Lightning Cable - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162d6de8c3f44fc167374d2afc1929d6aa224fe295fd404118e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1346_powerpot_thermoelectric_generator.jpg" alt="PowerPot Thermoelectric Generator - 33% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16283f81c9c252775fcab6d24e98abcf2e399681dd82d13a7a6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>PowerPot Thermoelectric Generator - 33% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620386600d703df05617e6f213c10a0f3e0c5fdef80b0f4af3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f319_insanely_hot_dried_scorpion_peppers.jpg" alt="Insanely-Hot Dried Scorpion Peppers - up to 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1623ff9770b588522ff66ec762500e6852580a04223ea43f88a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Insanely-Hot Dried Scorpion Peppers - up to 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162548c3de53f238c244b295f5f0d8a6b2ba33dc308503c9ff1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f2c9_bluetooth_handset_gloves_inuse.jpg" alt="Bluetooth Handset Gloves - up to 40% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620f518ac5c516f5ecb809be69834e5dd619c128ab524fea03"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bluetooth Handset Gloves - up to 40% off</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162c0bc9b66c34855fb297c33e6f1aa84ab6ff265e6a510f27e" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="One big blocky family" title="One big blocky family" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>One big blocky family</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16231bfe35c2c329c1ca9232b7008222126c770c58a8f0fd2e3" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Pronounced Fronkensteen"</span><br />Doctor Frankenstein<br />

An environmentalist<br />

Who recycled parts</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Jacqueline B. from Carrollton, GA!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16210481b068209e10a0082c8c9d64e291672d2d476ccc5292f" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16210481b068209e10a0082c8c9d64e291672d2d476ccc5292f" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 0px; text-align: center;">
					<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e161b223f79723e3b93c28885f4f407ac38d1fe79d192ed3" ><img
src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-05-giftcenterbanner.jpg" width="600" height="75" border="0" title="Holiday Gift Center" alt="Holiday Gift Center" class="giftstationheader" /></a>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 15px 15px; margin: 0px auto; background-color: #eaf5e2;">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">
					<tr>
						<td>
						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Looking for Gifts?</b></span><b><br />Browse by category:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-bottom: 3px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1628178165a3c0da4b5e0e89cddbc2d4cd65ca43d884a63e997" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Bestsellers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621dbc07cadb3df28da53fd78bf1aa0ebdccd84f452c687e81" style="color: #134b65;" >Only @ ThinkGeek</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626c3c03a0a091ad3255cd7ee54cf7cd74fd24143884a84a7e" style="color: #134b65;" >Stocking Stuffers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f2f48dcc15903d882ac9d041c70d5e86ed2cca30b97fa808" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Decor</a><br />
						
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1621e4ee2cf20d538defad1a77cd13519b3aa050a809e729bd0" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Him</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625e5d17746869464d3c079c730a16860b838303fa5c17a0fe" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Her</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162db0f04317ed3d9edfe563a532d29891e2f2afc5cc3b21054" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Kids</a>
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620823683721258a899e0b2df76e3f9b9feedc3d8796f6c770" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $10</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162477dc7caa94c91a4737eb11a486b54915126efeee349b785" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $20</a><br />
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Need help?</b></span><br /><b>Monkeys are standing by 24/7:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a7114ed6242564537825b364f93f2769ceff787c8c089367" style="color: #134b65;" >Customer Service</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16297d327a47fa06bde664aa19c88d04cd071f0550dd84419d0" style="color: #134b65;" >Returns</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1624d0c2aadd7a5d9fe5ae95be87138b7124b0364b03c540b20" style="color: #134b65;" >Shipping Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1625522c624fce1870903d3034bae924778772b218951cc561f" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f1b7e434c880c7a595ad608d2405b3ede54ca04ed94e7f60" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Certificates</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1620027a22feaeeba6cc4116ef2040dd3febf205f94935d3b04" style="color: #134b65;" >Wish Lists</a>
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Find us on:</b></span><br /><b>If you need us, we're here!</b><br /><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1626cd5cdf27cf51df6e97a4abfd6bf33a335cc4b697773a3cf" style="color: #134b65;"  >Facebook</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ca14a2a4a154ec58d56f7019297ff39ecd32d7f007244564" style="color: #134b65;" >Twitter</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162388e4f62ab797189f805182a84ddb1c9bd873e5024ab9848" style="color: #134b65;" >Google+</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1622eaefc022d0eb0164bf757acecc2e44672ca5621eea50f92" style="color: #134b65;" >Pinterest</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162adc6a95c4a90843c603977b4312673097dff32b7b4a4b0ca" style="color: #134b65;" >Instagram</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1629023095fe32c0a05475d186df843c6352366b60260b7272f" style="color: #134b65;"  >YouTube</a></p>
						</li>
						</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>									
				</td>			
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
				<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;"><em>*Some exclusions apply. See website for details.</em></p>
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162e357b3dcd59456b07478741901de9674a8e57ff6f3a3ece6"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162f56cc4b21024581d811f4b8f91a151554ad44839124b8caf" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162439ce328fe6514305f3d0f7bd931686b09fc15c5835f2813"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba1627e65cafbb544455e732b94d0fce6d842066cd172b1145815"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16263922cbf3add620f2ae9a36f5bb33482f038785358a9882c"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba16215d737e819d555e9991e0f0653e905ebfe066106e539b5b0"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162a4c7e624119797f51cf50db756eb1f226c4dae0f79f4dd1b"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=afa59857d7fba162ca9f791e7bf0e9fd9087b73d1d045cfa364e4926f0040c34" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--tecR282eayVm=_?:--

