Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.182.152.40 with SMTP id uv8csp105410obb;
        Wed, 22 Oct 2014 10:08:56 -0700 (PDT)
X-Received: by 10.107.34.148 with SMTP id i142mr47501049ioi.38.1413997736151;
        Wed, 22 Oct 2014 10:08:56 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-66843480-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta.email.thinkgeek.com (mta.email.thinkgeek.com. [66.231.88.32])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id q17si21583584ioe.100.2014.10.22.10.08.55
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Wed, 22 Oct 2014 10:08:56 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-66843480-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) client-ip=66.231.88.32;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-66843480-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 66.231.88.32 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-66843480-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com
Received: by mta.email.thinkgeek.com id h8viag163hs7 for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Wed, 22 Oct 2014 11:07:10 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-66843480-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: ThinkGeek's new building bricks are all grown up
Date: Wed, 22 Oct 2014 11:07:07 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe5812767d6007797d14-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe5812767d6007797d14-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_66843480
Message-ID: <60a35f40-678e-49c5-8598-dc791d8647bb@xtinmta181.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="oteCdpjhWvxJ=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--oteCdpjhWvxJ=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Happy birthday, monkey boys!

It's been a little over 30 years since we witnessed New Jersey
join the Hong Kong Cavaliers and John Bigboote (big-boo-TAY) try
and take over our dimension. And now, both are celebrating a
birthday. So, happy birthday to Jeff Goldblum and Christopher
Lloyd! We have no idea how old they really are, since one of them
keeps teleporting from pod to pod (altering his DNA) and the
other goes back (and forth) to the future.

Executive Building Brick Sets ###################################

A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive

This Executive Building Brick Set is the perfect answer to those
spoilsports who think toys are just for kids. With 8 2x4 stud
building bricks, this set can be incorporated with your other
bricks to build all sorts of shiny custom creations. With their
clean and crisp lines, these metal bricks look perfect gracing
your modern office or coffee table. Leave them out and see who
can't resist. Just don't leave them on the floor, because they're
even more painful to step on at 2 a.m. Choose chrome finish or
14K gold buildbling blocks.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b2a6abc3dfc57effe30e170987b55053dd37736e86b0d328


Doctor Who Large TARDIS Fridge ##################################

Smaller on the outside

The Doctor's stomach is much bigger on the inside. It's something
that has transcended regenerations, leaving the good Doctor
always a little bit peckish. That's why he created this Large
TARDIS Fridge. He hides them all over the real TARDIS hoping
people think they're just decoration. Some are set for cool and
some for heat (for the Large TARDIS Fridge does both), but all
contain oodles Gallifreyan goodies. To help give you some scale,
the Large TARDIS Fridge holds 18 cans of standard, Earth-sized
sodas. Sonic screwdriver not included.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23bd7a609dd852f4feb107f5c22e37b56331eef7e8551c2709

What's New(s)! ##################################################

On the ThinkGeek Blurgh: DC vs. Marvel - you choose!

Ah yes, the long debated question--DC or Marvel? Our monkeys are
placing bets to see which comic book company will win out this
Halloween. So here's our question to you: Which superhero (or
villain) will you be dressing up as this year? Vote now!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23cb533d3e34b0c29ce5e45395b9b01666e00808c10259dd3a
html


Anti-Bullying Support Keychain - Stand with us!

We're taking a stand: bullying is not ok. You know it and we know
it, and we want to make sure EVERYONE knows it. We also want to
make sure anyone who needs help dealing with bullying (be they
past or present victim or witness) can easily find that help.
That's why we created this Anti-Bullying Support Keychain. It
stands as a rallying cry, to band everyone together to take a
united stand against bullying. If we stand together, we CAN make
a difference. But the Anti-Bullying Support Keychain isn't just a
trinket with encouraging words on it. It also has a link on it to
very helpful anti-bullying resources and 100% of the profits from
the sales of this keychain goes to Pacer.org's National Bullying
Prevention Center. Be a hero - stand with us against bullying!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23802e81c159800b7ec763ddd347e45e81ed801c9a36b66ebb


New Super-Cute Robes - Only available at ThinkGeek!

The bath has magical properties. When you step out of the shower
after a long, hard day, you feel like an entirely new creature,
refreshed and clean, all your cares washed away. Now you can
physically transform into the princess, unicorn, or panda that we
know you secretly are with our three new bathrobes. Each has its
own special touches, There's celtic knot embroidery on the
Medieval Princess Bathrobe. The hood of the Unicorn Bathrobe
features a horn, ears, and a fluffy mane, and the Panda Bathrobe
has big ol' pockets for all your bamboo-toting needs. All of them
are super-fluffy, perfect for wrapping up in at the end of a long
day. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f03ba49371e78ef6b5ae3b6fe7003cf1c40c63bc0382a2d7
newest/desc/0/100


Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets - Series 3!

Portal 2 is a lot like blind boxed collectibles: you never know
what you're going to get. Plus, both Portal 2 test rooms and
blind box collectibles should never be licked. It's fitting,
then, that a third series of Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets has been
released. Now, you can have even more little Turrets all over
your desk - protecting your stapler and paper clips and candy and
other stuff. Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets Series 3 contains five
more Turret styles, in both open and closed positions. Plus, for
the first time, Cube and Sphere figures! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fcd360bb0987d4266152b83e3e475ef82df80e3bb2e8ee2c


Doctor Who Large TARDIS Fridge - Smaller on the outside

The Doctor's stomach is much bigger on the inside. It's something
that has transcended regenerations, leaving the good Doctor
always a little bit peckish. That's why he created this Large
TARDIS Fridge. He hides them all over the real TARDIS hoping
people think they're just decoration. Some are set for cool and
some for heat (for the Large TARDIS Fridge does both), but all
contain oodles Gallifreyan goodies. To help give you some scale,
the Large TARDIS Fridge holds 18 cans of standard, Earth-sized
sodas. Sonic screwdriver not included.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23bd7a609dd852f4feb107f5c22e37b56331eef7e8551c2709


New Monstrosities - For the decorating demon inside you

Some people like the winter holidays because of all the fun
decorating they can do. Snowflakes, icicles, shrunken heads, etc.
Obviously, we like decorating for Halloween, because Halloween
decorations can stay up year round! A Cyberbat, Werewolf Zombie
Head, or Mr. Bone Jangles Sitter looks just as good now in your
home and/or office as it will in April. Same with the Outbreak of
the Undead and Grim Reaper Rising statues. Just looking at them
makes us feel the rebirth that is spring, as well as the spooky
monsters that are Halloween. Oh, who are we kidding - we still
have the snowflakes up, too!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2353fee420c09627a3cd80107b74370cd5ec710b360d3f144c
fun/newest/desc/0/100


The Legend of Zelda Monopoly - Buy Hyrule and beyond!

Hyrule and the lands of The Legend of Zelda games are so dreamy,
we wish we could live in them. Alas, we can't, but we sure can
buy them and charge insane amounts of rent to our friends when
they stop by for a visit! That's the joy of The Legend of Zelda
Monopoly. Everything has been Zelda-ized: from the properties to
the money to the cards to the tokens. And don't get us started on
the metal tokens included, because the Bow, Hookshot, Boomerang,
Slingshot, Triforce, and Hylian Shield tokens are some of the
coolest little Zelda collectibles we've ever seen. Link loves
playing Monopoly, and now you know why!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d476576a1b2e17576fcca264e2b9a86d41cb81ee83870e0a


Pi By The Numbers Fleece Blanket -  A ThinkGeek creation &
exclusive

You know what is constant? Well, yes, change, but also Pi itself.
There is simply no better way to wrap yourself in everyone's
favorite irrational number (duh, Pi) than with this blanket. Its
45" x 64" expanse features the first 413 digits of Pi in green
text against a black background. 413 being 3.14 backwards.
Honestly, we didn't plan that, but it's nice it worked out like
that.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239f01cc6840e157c308ac02905e8f0321cc6c6ae4626e02a4


Star Wars X-Wing Miniature Starter Set - PvP space battles

It's time to get into your orange flight suit and get your
astromech droid ready: you're going TIE Fighter hunting. Or,
conversely, it's time to get your cloned bottom into your TIE
Fighter and add a few more kills on your Rebellion destruction
campaign. Whichever side you wish to play on, the Star Wars
X-Wing Miniatures Starter Set has everything you need for a two
player, outer-space battle royale. Featuring detailed and painted
miniatures, Star Wars X-Wing recreates exciting Star Wars space
combat throughout its several included scenarios. Select your
crew, plan your maneuvers, and complete your missions. And
whichever side you're on... may the Force be with you.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d6959bb586ba391da3484f19c43aee4f9de860d0c9e79a4e


Personal Potato Chip Maker - DIY spud snacks

Don't open another greasy bag of chips and preservatives again.
Make 'em yourself - right in your office's microwave. The top
part of the Personal Potato Chip Maker contains a slicer, which
you use to turn a potato into... well, slices. Season those
puppies up and then stack them in the chip holder (after spraying
it with non-stick cooking spray) and then microwave them for
about 3-4 mins. It's that easy to have freshly made potato chips
seasoned exactly as you like. Everyone else in your office will
shrivel with jealousy. And you'll just say to them, "see you
later, prepackaged tater," as you munch your home made potato
chips. Yum!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c06e3bbf908a6d4f32f5e1d03fd829503adbe1b143b33008


New Mugs - Change with the heat!

It's always "dinner and a movie" or "dinner and a show." Well,
why not have some fun with your breakfast? Or, really, any time
you want a hot cup of coffee? Now, with one of these mugs, you
can drink your coffee and enjoy the show on your mug! That's
because each one features a super keen color change when hot
liquids are added. The constellations are connected (so you can
identify them), the fire will light in the fireplace, the mug
will wake up, or the word "HOT" spelled out in binary will
appear. We think you should get one of each, so each morning you
can have a new show. And then use all of them on Mondays -
because you always need a little more caffeinated magic on
Mondays.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e232b5dccd610e36e6aa1a345ec3ded38e8e57f1d2cdb86ebe6


New Record Players - Turntables galore!

We love records and we love retro electronics. We especially love
when those retro electronics are only retro-looking, and really
have all sorts of high-tech features. Like the Ranchero Radio and
all these turntables. They are designed to look like electronics
of yore - so pick your favorite style! And hey, you can have your
platters that matter getting all dingy, right? That's when you
need a Crosley Vinyl Cleaner. Using a special Vinyl Shine record
cleaning solution and two adjustable, microfiber rollers, your
records will look and sound like new. Time to take vintage looks
and design, mash them up with the technology of the present, for
a musical experience straight out of the future!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233b1544a02fcf94e3950a0ab27ffd3d5784b2e817713e68dc
desc/0/100


Minecraft Creeper Backpack - Back in stock!

Minecraft is addictive, and as such it already eats kids'
homework by distracting them for hours. But now kids can claim
the Creeper ate their homework for real as they open up this
backpack to reveal their books, assignments, lunch, and more.
With three large, padded compartments, this Creeper promises to
keep all your ssssstuff ssssssafe. Cause, you know, it'd be a
ssssshame if sssssssomething happened to it.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237be5707f6c6ddeb8842594466b9f18474947025f5b8a4313


Attention Future-History Buffs - The Great War is Coming

The Great War starts and ends 63 years from tomorrow when nuclear
weapons will ravage the Fallout world in only two hours,
destroying civilization. To pre-commemorate the date, get your
limited-edition Great War 2014 T-Shirt from our friends at the
official Bethesda store for one week only. You can also check out
more tees and hoodies they have on on sale through the end of the
month as well as get a sneak peak at Raising the Flag, a Great
War inspired lithograph they're making available for pre-sale on
Friday, 10/24.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2370b375ba4eedb1c64c9ece342e29f85e3f2924f767715f9a
20141022tggreatwar


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e234d511ec26fb89d30943965e8b57709ee59361ae60ced0bad

DIY Solar System
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ddcaec5494d56526ff47daebc20114fdccccf0f6fc08610d

3D Sidewalk Chalk Kit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2345636b4cb3bcad8acbb85e1c41e2078df5808292c7130cd4

Make Your Own Bubble Blower
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2321f9c48b125ad33fa60d6cba7c5ced10a8a313a8ba939175

Doctor Who Titans Blind Boxed Vinyl Figures
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2368a83968eab465114cc0c4e769e8f98aa0c516935e54527e

Breaking Bad 8in Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2325f03903524ddb501ec60f37d0a2d2d10c6204b9334a48cc

Star Trek Borg Cube Keychain Flashlight  
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236967bd07f10b7eade2bac8c15f600e6f641c18563a1b270f

Doctor Who K-9 Book and Figure set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2348c3a9f55eb96c32672a9d1d83e10bc18e1a757520f0432d

World's Best Geode Kit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236b817ac12f13c659d87499569afc6f9823a270b86f5e1f60

Nintendo Canvas Wall Hangings
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236a42236bf17de760be7dbe21a9a4e66ccb66d880f3c00488

Parchment Map of Middle Earth
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2351c8345bba78c076c2d60d5699841778a7274fd85eecb9a0

Sonic the Hedgehog Fleece Blanket
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2350a4ba6e86a8b65805f72c60c6e0bffd54564cbdf96888f2

Egg-o-Matic Skull Egg Mold
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23a338a19f343109d15e0afd5af560b3091b75f9ace799f5bc

Nathan Drake Uncharted 3 1/6 Scale Figure
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2387affa107cdb6b64378f321899ff016bec69b6d3dee5f38b

8-Bit Sunglasses - Matte Finish
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b83b010af0058adac24a7fd989c527727b9ebe93e284a207

Minecraft: Construction Handbook
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230317656ab374db6ff0eb222d5f58fb3dc6af23f43b90234c

Smash Up
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23999576b52097b25119f72011d1ccaf47217ba59d8a2a163e

Mini Tentacle Kitty Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23a450ca893fc3ffc2e03141b40f63ee4b390ac991b6f4e8a3

Horse Head Squirrel Feeder
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238290a607c690b52b33281659c312b55fcc42563ead878793

Nintendo Posters
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235ef47f6fca8a9780a1cf239e4010c86add5f6ef4d0bdf0b3

New Apparel! ####################################################

Portal Chell Romper
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235c6c4aa0689994fafef6c494d15cc19f0a0c91f8fd65eb9f

Darth Muertos
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23adfc92caad7f18ffadab60e7395498dee540ef6e3300e357

Dia De Los Boba
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e232ff080521ad7c705956e1444c9283f1ad000061b5c7bb429

Official Vault-Tec Polo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fa1bac54321005ef9019a11f6a03ac8fc768bb47b7dbcadd

Catwoman Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23614db8e2a4137a349da3447e0b23941a6d15d0da9d09b9e1

In this Thrilling Issue...
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e9d5fe828f1d9c41e8cc2c991b215a744ba1fb51a8665660

SCOTTeVEST Q-Zip Pullover Shirt
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e5dbe9f14ae0bc9b6b0ce822aaffb59d1d2a1f37db3c6580

Avengers Assembled
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e232ecb892c8a489b870f7ce718ef7349a8dd5be6c71e1a8f63

Witch of the Wilds Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231e985180012297b87ab2315552a367ae31db5d237c61d8f6

DC Superheroine Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23271c3c3b95c9517a8dba0f2b964d3af9a17d98a85736a21c

Spock Quote Ladies' Hooded Pullover
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23111b940ab19ed493c2ffee2331f5fdab5b45fd915e5d1883

Second Star Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ebaacedbe764f5b29e0f46df2a73574724f76a301f2c5e7e

Star Trek Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236c0a86e43635e45b8051bb388915c258925ac815cece53a6

Star Wars Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23a21c59e5f7aa0bae52abe21125ace7a3dfb2bb346415467a

More Fun with Villians
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230562fe5c7c2e5ef52cbdacc7bed7635d65581677bc776043

Raccoon's in Space!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2309a321599444e44b7a22855fb589cd678f7065986a15de56

Deadpool IS the Logo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23319dc3a29b1968d992877ea05333f8261cbefe4c4ee1ef2e

Gamma Powered
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e234063101fb056ada0c3b3256640d92b76d736bb26324cdda1

The Falcon Hi-Lo Ladies' Tank Top
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c8f030b380ad3bb4637cf7c6ecef756bc31bef412f24bc3b

X-wing Space Camp
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239610e1fa5b0739708f3adaf7a599e8decefcbef470f7bcab

Vintage Star Wars R2 and 3PO
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2355010271194f86631651806d813cb9adcffc36b4c6c68b27

I Have You Now!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231e47662e9523cdbc66da89801b716b3ecf68347cd1921513

Beakers Beaker
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236ea8a75bd21f9ab8e0b16206a3faf8e4b0e9f7010b6545ec

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Exclusive Bat-o-Lantern - only $5!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239afb7247ab0ba71827e0a5f0163394d0bbe17d4bc0a46c76

Super Luigi Hoodie - 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237871052fdb5e87dca87fc13c94eeb04fb494b26ca6729472

Zombie Head Cookie Jar - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ea7ea66b483f572e1fcb6ba65c897d63f7b5257d5c5ebf68

Adventurer Nouveau Pint Glasses - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e79461f1616ac0e33e8acb16fbfe544fe92d25ed4f39cc02

Build-On Brick Shot Glass 4-Pack - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c3ccd791f5ef2b710d4657fce178fa467a99dd6571850c04

Only You Can Prevent the Zombie Apocalypse - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f949c644054ac1d63929844ea1bce60db343370361f27fa5

Dungeons and Dragons Core Rulebooks - up to 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e7122723997b70b66f5fd304c741d92b19831e152e48f5bb

Star Trek Command Cycle Jersey - 40% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233c33a990804827cc8b8862c7396dd9899ca0ebff5c376a27

Goonies Astoria - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d7ef8b4374ae2ca2bef92bf244559e486dc4f7f4f61e5516

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Medium dark roast, extra bricks.

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2346f1215ccbf7019a8679555e4a48be1d71b92df2e228123d

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239b96c00585988f71d948ef56333bf1d05e095ad6acefe1d6

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Alexandra from Moss
Bluff, LA! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Exploring New
Roads...":

Need rentals? Carfleet.
Headquarters: San Francisco
"Drive far and prosper."

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230290019975a1f0c43ee7a783f9fcea44b1463f0d95a26441
 
Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e234d923f032ac26bd2c63668ecab4b495b61b83b13518d3b39

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fbf149816e84edc7daaa869d2b57dd360839381f1b12a1ba

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233668f6529b6afc6fc4f28dffcec0457bfa754d6853ec8ac9

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2371eba99ebe0e4f48060a64f0343f29f55b22ecf669d36b29

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fb9011ba81670a73eaa0c4be63a8f075f24d9ce4a4e24df5

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239aeb6cd6fd396e167b9095b03b615dd4b67fd052aeb987f2

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235fcc557aa20bf9b4bb49f4b007555fefca3bdd05c996a7d5

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236801af153816722039a9fb2bc814f30b4c267f3767aa2251

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2356d538798589d1964c40ceb60c3aef25e67dc12a6f07c172

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e5f8b07dc20c1cd7e99c2216b7ec5d95d6b62c0d17acff5b

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e234c9f7fef7b7422f8da21134387db212dbb1305adb1d077f4

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c9e774943f6b17d0c98276358fbad2a67f5bf5c3b1d57636

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2378212ec67b49b82a6ac089006c1223d8963f7c583a0f668b

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ef8e87ea7a80e685b729b145dbb283947070b33a89c82525

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236a873ce72cf77ad4b1f49a739a2471194c5595a5e0437278 *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239bfd6ae7795363c30b92cd6a3cdfb52cdbb8736703952cf5

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235fcc557aa20bf9b4bb49f4b007555fefca3bdd05c996a7d5 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--oteCdpjhWvxJ=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe5812767d6007797d14-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10039" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Plus, a new TARDIS fridge that's larger on the outside AND Inside!</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2355b455d8167925987cdc7de2b17104770aa2f1486c87b3f2" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2355b455d8167925987cdc7de2b17104770aa2f1486c87b3f2" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231a4ffa511b25c44f73579613c887aea7928a76cb0a6f4714" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/icon-timmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239c471acb3389ed3194c9f1f8c1d2f7d47e50fc18817d3507" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230ca868c9fd8151ccfc5db561ac83a202e431ee2c5ffb64dc" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23257ef05ea4a2fecaa8014302f09772bbee62233678682766" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23bb18461af09ab4e169f9c748d5c96796b5ce907685a11c5e" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23008b5cbeb5f55d40fc877e939cbb9289ed737a78ce0fa528" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>ON SALE</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2361ef946fe1d6764e4c233c7c4dd9541f8f71191732c9d86e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-execbricks.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Executive Building Brick Sets" title="A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 0px 0px;"/></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23bf6beda10847dc5c7ed4dc4773da09966b5a01481cd27977" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-doctorwho.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Doctor Who Large TARDIS Fridge" title="Smaller on the outside" class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;"/></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Happy birthday, monkey boys!</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">It's been a little over 30 years since we witnessed New Jersey join the Hong Kong Cavaliers and John Bigboote (big-boo-TAY) try and take over our dimension. And now, both are celebrating a birthday. So, happy birthday to Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Lloyd! We have no idea how old they really are, since one of them keeps teleporting from pod to pod (altering his DNA) and the other goes back (and forth) to the future.</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e07d9358143dc6aa2ba03473858aa0a3a446f9717444f76b" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >On the ThinkGeek Blurgh: DC vs. Marvel - you choose!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d9d56b0843fcacd35ad0e1629b02878c45de4bb3b901fe27" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-dcmarvel.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see On the ThinkGeek Blurgh: DC vs. Marvel - you choose!" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Ah yes, the long debated question--DC or Marvel? Our monkeys are placing bets to see which comic book company will win out this Halloween. So here's our question to you: Which superhero (or villain) will you be dressing up as this year? Vote now on the ThinkGeek Blog!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23eb42e80ef6bab22af67c2d626eda90a6caf02f106964d3cb" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Anti-Bullying Support Keychain - Stand with us!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231b1a7da449d97c172f74068b3ed6dc60b9ee483512923201" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/htkj_anti_bullying_keychain.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Anti-Bullying Support Keychain - Stand with us!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">We're taking a stand: bullying is not ok. You know it and we know it, and we want to make sure EVERYONE knows it. We also want to make sure anyone who needs help dealing with bullying (be they past or present victim or witness) can easily find that help. That's why we created this Anti-Bullying Support Keychain. It stands as a rallying cry, to band everyone together to take a united stand against bullying. If we stand together, we CAN make a difference. But the Anti-Bullying Support Keychain isn't just a trinket with encouraging words on it. It also has a link on it to very helpful anti-bullying resources and
 100% of the profits from the sales of this keychain goes to Pacer.org's National Bullying Prevention Center. Be a hero - stand with us against bullying!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230cf34bd5c00b6d003a3fcebb1830bcab82b69105422f2489" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Super-Cute Robes - Only available at ThinkGeek!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e1fa3d809efbf48ec2ad50f00600164eb99223047e26907c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-robes.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Super-Cute Robes - Only available at ThinkGeek!" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The bath has magical properties. When you step out of the shower after a long, hard day, you feel like an entirely new creature, refreshed and clean, all your cares washed away. Now you can physically transform into the princess, unicorn, or panda that we know you secretly are with our three new bathrobes. Each has its own special touches, There's celtic knot embroidery on the Medieval Princess Bathrobe. The hood of the Unicorn Bathrobe features a horn, ears, and a fluffy mane, and the Panda Bathrobe has big ol' pockets for all your bamboo-toting needs. All of them are super-fluffy, perfect for wrapping up in at
 the end of a long day.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23aab3460d4a268f3cca6497be5e5668cd1e31c41f9aaa25ad" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets - Series 3!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23dd57eec779658bfda02d047e7fe24944631a48cf15ddc1b8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/f13c_portal_blind_box_series3.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets - Series 3!" width="120" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Portal 2 is a lot like blind boxed collectibles: you never know what you're going to get. Plus, both Portal 2 test rooms and blind box collectibles should never be licked. It's fitting, then, that a third series of Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets has been released. Now, you can have even more little Turrets all over your desk - protecting your stapler and paper clips and candy and other stuff. Portal 2 Blind Box Turrets Series 3 contains five more Turret styles, in both open and closed positions. Plus, for the first time, Cube and Sphere figures!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238f9a52b7fd6e712d86a88ad5a32899df1db51a6d2d6a3be6" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Monstrosities - For the decorating demon inside you</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235120f4d7455fbc2d0fe59dc71287d4ad7f45fc6d502d41ec" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-halloween.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Monstrosities - For the decorating demon inside you" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Some people like the winter holidays because of all the fun decorating they can do. Snowflakes, icicles, shrunken heads, etc. Obviously, we like decorating for Halloween, because Halloween decorations can stay up year round! A Cyberbat, Werewolf Zombie Head, or Mr. Bone Jangles Sitter looks just as good now in your home and/or office as it will in April. Same with the Outbreak of the Undead and Grim Reaper Rising statues. Just looking at them makes us feel the rebirth that is spring, as well as the spooky monsters that are Halloween. Oh, who are we kidding - we still have the snowflakes up, too!						
</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2360d899d97cf72f7651a109a12bad82375667869e97e49577" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >The Legend of Zelda Monopoly - Buy Hyrule and beyond!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23438138585ba010b67d7144ec9044b0ffd6fb5637210e6841" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1bbe_legend_of_zelda_monopoly.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see The Legend of Zelda Monopoly - Buy Hyrule and beyond!" width="" height="" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Hyrule and the lands of The Legend of Zelda games are so dreamy, we wish we could live in them. Alas, we can't, but we sure can buy them and charge insane amounts of rent to our friends when they stop by for a visit! That's the joy of The Legend of Zelda Monopoly. Everything has been Zelda-ized: from the properties to the money to the cards to the tokens. And don't get us started on the metal tokens included, because the Bow, Hookshot, Boomerang, Slingshot, Triforce, and Hylian Shield tokens are some of the coolest little Zelda collectibles we've ever seen. Link loves playing Monopoly, and now you know
 why!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2382dbc714b3b9f5d57dfec2820cda29d54b81b47807501c32" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Pi By The Numbers Fleece Blanket -  A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ced189c541d9b1a1291eaaa1aa292b42a1a7ccec632d44c6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/16b2_pi_by_the_numbers_blanket.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Pi By The Numbers Fleece Blanket -  A ThinkGeek creation & exclusive" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">You know what is constant? Well, yes, change, but also Pi itself. There is simply no better way to wrap yourself in everyone's favorite irrational number (duh, Pi) than with this blanket. Its 45" x 64" expanse features the first 413 digits of Pi in green text against a black background. 413 being 3.14 backwards. Honestly, we didn't plan that, but it's nice it worked out like that.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23339f509e0bd22723e036f935664726fe869fcd195dfb1ddf" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Wars X-Wing Miniature Starter Set - PvP space battles</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e232c0e80513afbfe5e09caf2a8ad325384e1a97f2d5fa41a11" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hsql_sw_xwing_miniature_set.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Wars X-Wing Miniature Starter Set - PvP space battles" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">It's time to get into your orange flight suit and get your astromech droid ready: you're going TIE Fighter hunting. Or, conversely, it's time to get your cloned bottom into your TIE Fighter and add a few more kills on your Rebellion destruction campaign. Whichever side you wish to play on, the Star Wars X-Wing Miniatures Starter Set has everything you need for a two player, outer-space battle royale. Featuring detailed and painted miniatures, Star Wars X-Wing recreates exciting Star Wars space combat throughout its several included scenarios. Select your crew, plan your maneuvers, and complete your missions. And
 whichever side you're on... may the Force be with you.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235020da0e1a1aef1d3accbee0988704845df9a82439b293f7" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Personal Potato Chip Maker - DIY spud snacks</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238069eb199e9c31a710c2c22da51baa3c9066d97d72ea1988" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hslj_personal_potato_chip_maker.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Personal Potato Chip Maker - DIY spud snacks" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Don't open another greasy bag of chips and preservatives again. Make 'em yourself - right in your office's microwave. The top part of the Personal Potato Chip Maker contains a slicer, which you use to turn a potato into... well, slices. Season those puppies up and then stack them in the chip holder (after spraying it with non-stick cooking spray) and then microwave them for about 3-4 mins. It's that easy to have freshly made potato chips seasoned exactly as you like. Everyone else in your office will shrivel with jealousy. And you'll just say to them, "see you later, prepackaged tater," as you munch your home
 made potato chips. Yum!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23a685e0aa88127f3c8cbbdc18a66338c4a81c73d69fbb8b1f" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Mugs - Change with the heat!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2379b3d9b6036f42ed0e61acdc63f3e56e2cd23520bf7a9240" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-mugs.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Mugs - Change with the heat!" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">It's always "dinner and a movie" or "dinner and a show." Well, why not have some fun with your breakfast? Or, really, any time you want a hot cup of coffee? Now, with one of these mugs, you can drink your coffee and enjoy the show on your mug! That's because each one features a super keen color change when hot liquids are added. The constellations are connected (so you can identify them), the fire will light in the fireplace, the mug will wake up, or the word "HOT" spelled out in binary will appear. We think you should get one of each, so each morning you can have a new show. And then use all of them on Mondays
 - because you always need a little more caffeinated magic on Mondays.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2327336df1b6963359b60a2aefb30d232ba96d883b884654ac" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Record Players - Turntables galore!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237521e781813e683adbbfa0ffe573c8d6ba8860996aa735a7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-turntables.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Record Players - Turntables galore!" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">We love records and we love retro electronics. We especially love when those retro electronics are only retro-looking, and really have all sorts of high-tech features. Like the Ranchero Radio and all these turntables. They are designed to look like electronics of yore - so pick your favorite style! And hey, you can have your platters that matter getting all dingy, right? That's when you need a Crosley Vinyl Cleaner. Using a special Vinyl Shine record cleaning solution and two adjustable, microfiber rollers, your records will look and sound like new. Time to take vintage looks and design, mash them up with the
 technology of the present, for a musical experience straight out of the future!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fbd13ba295daa3ff76004bf0c642f61d0f8724227e2b8d2a" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Minecraft Creeper Backpack - Back in stock!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239e5b572d8b31d05e256b9a954064b45775b5fbb9605829e8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1758_minecraft_creeper_backpack.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Minecraft Creeper Backpack - Back in stock!" width="101" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Minecraft is addictive, and as such it already eats kids' homework by distracting them for hours. But now kids can claim the Creeper ate their homework for real as they open up this backpack to reveal their books, assignments, lunch, and more. With three large, padded compartments, this Creeper promises to keep all your ssssstuff ssssssafe. Cause, you know, it'd be a ssssshame if sssssssomething happened to it.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d1374d19f3692b6a0ba81b3a522c65936ce69a640f25d292" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Attention Future-History Buffs - The Great War is Coming</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23cf1f6fc1dca8516421150db4ca8ff62da5888ca86ba1929f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/thinkgeek-email-thbsgraphic2.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Attention Future-History Buffs - The Great War is Coming" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The Great War starts and ends 63 years from tomorrow, when nuclear weapons will ravage the Fallout world in only two hours, destroying civilization. To pre-commemorate the date, get your limited-edition Great War 2014 T-Shirt from <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231455b66c65989e9072b2314d896b03279c929f5622a6378c" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" ><b>our friends at the official Bethesda store</b>
</a> for one week only. You can also check out more tees and hoodies they have on on sale through the end of the month, as well as get a sneak peek at Raising the Flag, a Great War inspired lithograph they're making available for pre-sale on Friday, 10/24.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f2395c6b1d3e6df39f9518bd68a6723b0993322a92beb21a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d98_portal_chell_romper.jpg" alt="Portal Chell Romper" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b33cf57acb1e4ec56366451bcd7436bbe02d88102aa6a082"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Portal Chell Romper</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2335f6ef4363aa844acae0f4ae6cf5aa659c3648741c471aba" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2075_dia_de_los_vader_dd.jpg " alt="Darth Muertos" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f0cba4c5b9cce29e99565452974a669cf701bef01491cc69"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Darth Muertos</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2320e6edfd1578ee53ef9a710ccbe6c024b809e3b5209a4944" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2073_dia_de_los_boba_dd.jpg" alt="Dia De Los Boba" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2301f64f1adba35369fc1fac0fbdab42a08953bd56e9e258ad"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dia De Los Boba</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e232949a436baeebadc16df37d46fadaf02b888199f080f07b3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20b3_vault_tec_polo.jpg" alt="Official Vault-Tec Polo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23110eb51ac92cdd167f1d3a798c124b327d28ffd971bc1372"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Official Vault-Tec Polo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c676766ff880698ae7da9dc1972f07e6bded25f0e41dfdfc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrr_catwoman_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Catwoman Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230e953456238cc812de0500f2289d51a0329cc0f9b3e912c7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Catwoman Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2321cd1e95c4f41555b489a3abc40ec1193ede24aabbaeb9b2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2104_in_this_thrilling_issue_dd.jpg" alt="In this Thrilling Issue..." width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233a4714e115712ae406f30cd6b1ab15c3a6ff350d48389dd3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>In this Thrilling Issue...</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e232dd9aad378f3e6e1d34af15b39ccc8a598e2a15d3c9455ef" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hspj_sev_qzip_pullover.jpg" alt="SCOTTeVEST Q-Zip Pullover Shirt" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2397fea94dc684a5e8fd4cb6d45ac479da86478794d3bf3373"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>SCOTTeVEST Q-Zip Pullover Shirt</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b6d60aaccbb41369e5e429eb3ffedfeb428de547bdbbb0de" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2098_avengers_assembled_dd.jpg " alt="Avengers Assembled" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235c70fcff76de3193e6375a98a63b859d904359e779b6c286"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Avengers Assembled</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23a3734de6c28af450879f35f23d827b310ac09e4c423712aa" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20ec_witch_of_wilds_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Witch of the Wilds Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c4dc6ef22f291355776d09069ac2c72e8a0456e81d9fa2d5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Witch of the Wilds Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e234532dcaac883c862ec8beedd68507722c98ffd719d7703bf" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrs_dc_superheroine_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="DC Superheroine Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c05aef093cd770d828f704b81afb53f74ea3d6dfa9a0d122"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DC Superheroine Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230b52dd6443dccbfc86a6e3a37fe86540e20d78c0e35a97f1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2162_spock_quote_ladies_hooded_pullover_mb.jpg" alt="Spock Quote Ladies' Hooded Pullover" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f656947e4956263a54f340c91fd0383c5cd7ce115c416d62"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Spock Quote Ladies' Hooded Pullover</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23da0d4c994933364c44abd430cb14c54ecf3288c3407f4a37" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2163_second_star_ladies_long_sleeve_tee_mb.jpg" alt="Second Star Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f2b25d7e0f7c95b5dc5b3e6225e2f50616729c34d9beadab"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Second Star Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23c954e72250d942bfce33fe15e4755b1fbf5d952aafd5ece4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2164_star_trek_logo_ladies_long_sleeve_mb.jpg" alt="Star Trek Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2387f88365fa4d14ebebf83f24e570d98821cf506e03a6e870"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238b6f58fe7ee1bf31d45daa3ebdd1202d8f3f8c40c7cb9b1a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2165_star_wars_logo_ladies_long_sleeve_mb.jpg" alt="Star Wars Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230acd36d48a90b53178f6ae3b0e05ae960f82008ff0283c05"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2330b306444b5104d8bac488268b17009fc6ef5bc12ce10c04" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/214f_more_fun_with_villians_dd.jpg" alt="More Fun with Villians" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2302fafd6ff37280f2afecd49485ccbe72601af2b82a492117"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>More Fun with Villians</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235ce06f743df3f06765628e747922821dbb05c1f9587121f2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20d8_raccoons_in_space_dd.jpg" alt="Raccoon's in Space!" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236c500f590b6d241f8c531795862d8aec49075c4ff8e50dfa"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Raccoon's in Space!</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23800eb9f02ef127c6b6dc4aceb748f5f6b96e536f3df34fa4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20df_deadpool_is_the_logo_dd.jpg" alt="Deadpool IS the Logo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b1f93c238b9d55af35e620b3a04c728abe2be69941ecff64"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Deadpool IS the Logo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237cb37335160cc73abe87f797dfa047032d8218f3d609d04d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/209b_gamma_powered_dd.jpg" alt="Gamma Powered" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ebd655c153b563be88d135003cba005773a68300b16aab10"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Gamma Powered</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f8c58dd11c41a42f1a9d87612b3d29156a5ac8e12c9c4059" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fd6_the_falcon_hi_lo_ladies_tank_top_dd.jpg" alt="The Falcon Hi-Lo Ladies' Tank Top" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233d943f7c48b11ff25901e66adbc6603fa3d3e3e0f2a523f6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Falcon Hi-Lo Ladies' Tank Top</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e915ec8a62442fd325b3ffc4b49870bbddd0cc43aec78b77" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/213a_x_wing_space_camp_dd.jpg" alt="X-wing Space Camp" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2360fba7b2d600e99844d40f7bf8da9fcf527c7daf29dbd289"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>X-wing Space Camp</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23baba0a5bd735bb50bec385283f4b0939aa62345b30fb0f3b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2149_vintage_r2d2_c3po_dd.jpg" alt="Vintage Star Wars R2 and 3PO" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233f8741bbc72987bca3ea3a995b68c2f951064b94d9d5d51f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Vintage Star Wars R2 and 3PO</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230efe0ae3b321ce380dfcda67016f37c0ceb81a1f0e3837ed" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/202e_i_have_you_now_dd.jpg" alt="I Have You Now!" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23873600efbd415236350bd2a957584b328978fe1a1e32df21"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>I Have You Now!</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2376f7dae484090caeec7418c2acb8566002db85efa322bffe" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20a7_beakers_beaker_dd.jpg" alt="Beakers Beaker" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233222404eb6e32759ce8ef449bade5b6c073aec177032b740"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Beakers Beaker</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233004b72f9b4eb5a77a298e0c0d84b52d2b301a605fda24e5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsms_diy_solar_system_box.jpg" alt="DIY Solar System" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2385c431524b1673d05180de4f5031c983f4765f8697531fda"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DIY Solar System</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2322297f76827a96fab5c34e08d7ee347289b0c6af23e5b2bc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsmt_3d_sidewalk_chalk_kit_box.jpg" alt="3D Sidewalk Chalk Kit" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23709754008263505e5d78aea0054c8fed9f34d1b084dec633"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>3D Sidewalk Chalk Kit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237958d26f17c313df931509f252f2607974796f174cb3e52a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsmu_make_bubble_blower_box.jpg " alt="Make Your Own Bubble Blower" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23919e4e27f63c04dde9a0e6d13fb94cbc0b94332eec2a3bbe"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Make Your Own Bubble Blower</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b63491d24976e68cb8434ef7700541533836145b06b0bbf8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f168_doctor_who_blind_box_vinyl_figures.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Titans Blind Boxed Vinyl Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e4bbb5a5a03c961039bf782e7a480959e525f4a639e38bd4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who Titans Blind Boxed Vinyl Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d35d950717167e7a8d410ce7d4fbdd4d15aa50b807e9da9a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/0bad_breaking_bad_plush.jpg" alt="Breaking Bad 8in Plush" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2367b4c9bac0425aac584db58a8ad831915ae965914d02e259"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Breaking Bad 8in Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231a4d814436b1e5524846ac187235528dadb99f19f5c39077" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fbe_borg_cube_keychain_flashlight.jpg" alt="Star Trek Borg Cube Keychain Flashlight" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e235f9dc6d0e5421ede23694852c516c20b73aadbb64e771a24"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Borg Cube Keychain Flashlight</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2333d4a25e76dc0f4aaf60fcbef0193a89eb9fd5d0969181ec" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f03_dw_k9_book_figure_set.jpg" alt="Doctor Who K-9 Book and Figure set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23caf74bd4569124799b59cf8856aa153d16534756a1030431"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who K-9 Book and Figure set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23a3a4741064e575e8075ce3411a0f6fef4445dd2c62283a67" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1da0_worlds_best_geode_kit.jpg " alt="World's Best Geode Kit" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233f9c31a72cd4a397859716b366f98ee0564f6eb9089601a4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>World's Best Geode Kit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2389d177e0134adaece2eed04814294d9f71fb3282eeb4d5a9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d6b_nintendo_canvas_wall_hangings.jpg " alt="Nintendo Canvas Wall Hangings" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e84ac093f7f463b8779af4451fa62aec3970a79f26cf9ff1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Nintendo Canvas Wall Hangings</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23682bc77f01673b3526787641ea2efca9a037c8f1ec50609c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrok_parchment_map_of_middle_earth.jpg " alt="Parchment Map of Middle Earth" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d005937b84a13baeebacab9aa91287558f8d388b5d26b16c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Parchment Map of Middle Earth</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237fdbd2afab7ce9fc86802a532f042332dfffc1d10e15f78c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrnv_sonic_fleece_blanket.jpg" alt="Sonic the Hedgehog Fleece Blanket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233acc845d9bca04b3f19e2975f8eb690156613dc391067bd2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sonic the Hedgehog Fleece Blanket</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23303469b253286dca5837f7bfc65a2fcc21e6937996d99e2e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f60_eggomatic_skull_egg_mold.jpg" alt="Egg-o-Matic Skull Egg Mold" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230232a1e5117c286544d617fc477ac32ced1a2d132f98ac4a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Egg-o-Matic Skull Egg Mold</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2318e2b9508a3d3373415d519a3b84193d3a3a63cc8478ede0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrs_nathan_drake_sixth_scale_fig.jpg" alt="Nathan Drake Uncharted 3 1/6 Scale Figure" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b083f98535cc15f2378634dfe9256ecc0909ce5747fb6152"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Nathan Drake Uncharted 3 1/6 Scale Figure</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239b871016b322dee3d195794a954437d706edc1d8fdc2df27" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/eebc_8bit_sunglasses_matte_shiny.jpg " alt="8-Bit Sunglasses - Matte Finish" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2386e97aa0d2686d707eff30c867d8994ec6a9a2fecb9f128e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>8-Bit Sunglasses - Matte Finish</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237ea8d0dd1e45056dd162a8599a3acb4715347ad1c96c408d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a0d_minecraft_construction_handbook.jpg" alt="Minecraft: Construction Handbook" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238be25525453ff66c826a23a3121612b8058af038d56c810b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft: Construction Handbook</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238acd691423598f102293b72ce335d90c09c81d61318720c8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrtk_smash_up.jpg " alt="Smash Up" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231c4f8afcf5333921578feef59e857b0a7eeb3e671e9d8390"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Smash Up</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2324c35dea3c1d47be27987fefb12382ea57027971e2930c72" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e5c_mini_tentacle_kitty_plush_blue.jpg" alt="Mini Tentacle Kitty Plush" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2394f6a90ea5b86da903714606b5263076d44eccbe33d0c3e0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Mini Tentacle Kitty Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e231c251d313ce370e5421fe3fdda632e382d992b4e6d62914d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvo_horse_head_squirrel_feeder.jpg" alt="Horse Head Squirrel Feeder" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fd26046b14b1d14ea07d870b3a94695c77e68ae675cf919a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Horse Head Squirrel Feeder</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2358f9d7707980ee9b3e7d7fd5c54953f066200b172fec783f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e53_nintendo_posters_zelda.jpg" alt="Nintendo Posters" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f67d6660599a29a481fa0746850403917dad6441e83473cb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Nintendo Posters</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23935893f7ba8d5ba0246629b07e36e004e0266a59d2e7aad1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f7d_bat_o_lantern_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Bat-o-Lantern - only $5!" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23e837bdef91f1f71ec05976add360fb46fc3b771940a5bd12"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Bat-o-Lantern - only $5!</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d4ffc33f24efc806c62d59130760f4f07523d0d95388510f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsjo_super_luigi_hoodie_front.jpg" alt="Super Luigi Hoodie - 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236a5af0a6fba959b21799b02f9fdc9ff7b14cd821cf841dac"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Super Luigi Hoodie - 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23de7cfee9c686fdcfdc4262712e6ab99bfc62066c074ff350" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e2b2_zombie_head_cookie_jar2.jpg" alt="Zombie Head Cookie Jar - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2346ae657526907e1d436d3384d3dc91f6a3893a67061eeace"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Zombie Head Cookie Jar - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230e87c03f9ee7c2aa9cf5260358aef2570c5aeb8379d8382a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/14f5_adventurer_nouveau_pint_glasses.jpg" alt="Adventurer Nouveau Pint Glasses - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23955c9630fc224d23750296210fc3c1d71743236421f9f358"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Adventurer Nouveau Pint Glasses - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23f1f3109e67ac96f0c74feffe88b58b1d0c6a75d4be05ae97" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e855_zombie_apoc.jpg" alt="Only You Can Prevent the Zombie Apocalypse - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e236f27004243e00ea7bc5ee060ebc6d73f177b11377fd2872e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Only You Can Prevent the Zombie Apocalypse - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e233675acde1a6e9fb85cffe20c9744c2b5c3a629d424d42b0a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e9e_d_d_5th_deition_players_handbook.jpg" alt="Dungeons and Dragons Core Rulebooks - up to 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23598c582f9a8c288ade66373cdd9eee87666395ebc7cf9571"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dungeons and Dragons Core Rulebooks - up to 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23b9498c650d6d48f65241d34df24374609e00a278c0fbd8c8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1814_star_trek_command_cycle_jersey.jpg" alt="Star Trek Command Cycle Jersey - 40% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ad92374b738e263e43c95da16c59c96170c790b192859018"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Command Cycle Jersey - 40% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2302d4954248409afa7c400a6dc7cbc0a264b2b26cf90066fa" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dd6_goonies_astoria_mb.jpg" alt="Goonies Astoria - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ac0f8e1f8be18e6755f197c975822815412949d89206a3e3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Goonies Astoria - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e239855e103c61644512d0e9e019d47a3df0c2f07c5bf6f5f7a" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-10-22-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="Medium dark roast, extra bricks." title="Medium dark roast, extra bricks." /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>Medium dark roast, extra bricks.</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23fe18bec17e8ec9e981af9a6ac561414222085e4e6168c8cc" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Exploring New Roads..."</span><br />Need rentals? Carfleet.<br />

Headquarters: San Francisco<br />

"Drive far and prosper."</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Alexandra from Moss Bluff, LA!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d8ca1c18eb8442d3549858e47ae053b57518c8891f538b37" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d8ca1c18eb8442d3549858e47ae053b57518c8891f538b37" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23cc31128ecfc82e92207482a836cdeda824bfe0a1f023c37b"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e237b33310d4c9088d4fbe61b888ba4ebd8465cbe6404f4351f" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e230bac22c950eff582fc2b4bab2cfa5e28a9b7919200570ee3"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23ad49b591fd9d9590d82f879d0be39a9dc5499d5e0a7b1ac8"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e2359e157eed0509e2daf83c1f92c1ba583219ffc2cddbb896d"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238725f4ae7b693ac51df29dd1a082a545e0a6852885adc62c"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e23d7828779b332f891ab153cb0cc04dfec804f56acdd3d7128"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b560f30439330e238d24eb53c55bcd29349ce6a8be7c162fc8fd7a733cc8ed33" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--oteCdpjhWvxJ=_?:--

