Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.175.144 with SMTP id ca16csp52565ldc;
        Fri, 21 Nov 2014 10:49:26 -0800 (PST)
X-Received: by 10.52.9.74 with SMTP id x10mr5453997vda.16.1416595766171;
        Fri, 21 Nov 2014 10:49:26 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67790799-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta2.email.thinkgeek.com (mta2.email.thinkgeek.com. [68.232.197.130])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id pz7si3512290vcb.66.2014.11.21.10.49.25
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Fri, 21 Nov 2014 10:49:26 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67790799-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) client-ip=68.232.197.130;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67790799-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67790799-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com;
       dkim=pass header.i=@email.thinkgeek.com
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 h=From:To:Subject:Date:List-Unsubscribe:MIME-Version:Reply-To:Message-ID:Content-Type; i=overlords@email.thinkgeek.com;
 bh=QDReKj4a3Sh/by74R99klgnUEsA=;
 b=wRy72s0MEVJdmclWhqOWSDHdCcnxlILbRXU2nSqeX1KfyAFBGV/DvzJA6bv8P3qPw/tPQsArJOUr
   tG/x+T1rTWKyI532fMYj4sqIMszKCPOVw3D1n1tBQId7eKJPQpXlq4sCpbV6W1SmVb77pcrsQVAD
   rPRSz/NhH5sgI3x16Us=
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; q=dns; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 b=ep5bB4zVqFpmcAD3TAX8Q4igw3CT2y4QOEDrZ+jkvAiLSYoz7IJMSX9OQM3P74zhNhf2W+kLIrRL
   Ke3JpcPpKslwJVsvumrUHn4Wz48JFP2BWzzaXnHUY0zZ2s2biO6oSL6jmUnPzdnB4j9JwWhjBX7+
   7mvtuFqzRefMuHQH6Ko=;
Received: by mta2.email.thinkgeek.com id hdu4jc163hsg for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Fri, 21 Nov 2014 10:51:28 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67790799-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: Summer superheroes to keep you cozy: new premium Marvel hoodies!
Date: Fri, 21 Nov 2014 10:51:28 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe491277726d047a7c1d-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe491277726d047a7c1d-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_67790799
Message-ID: <7bd910c0-9dbf-4a98-a4d9-45d67c634593@xtinmta173.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="aZpQJnNRuP1O=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--aZpQJnNRuP1O=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Katniss had a little lamb

You know, if it weren't for Edison, folks watching the
newly-released Hunger Games movie (the first Hunger Games movie
with no actual Hunger Games) would be pretty bored since there'd
also be no actual sound. Well, okay, presumably somebody else
would have stepped up and figured out how to play back recorded
sound, but Edison was the first. He announced his discovery of
the phonograph on this day in 1877. Now if only he had figured
out how to make everybody in the theater shut up....

Exclusive Marvel Hoodies ########################################

These are SUPER hoodies

Hoodies with pictures of superheroes are fun, we'll never say a
bad thing about them. But the revolution in premium hoodies is
something we welcome with open arms, especially when they're
superhero hoodies. Whether you want to be Winter Soldier, Captain
America, Star-Lord, or Rocket Raccoon, these are the hoodies
you've been looking for. With all over printing, extra fabric
bits, embroidery, and even straps, these hoodies are as awesome
as you desire and deserve. You'll stay warm, while "being" your
favorite Marvel characters. These hoodies are super... and so are
you!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72b4dadaab59cb365c08260f662bb4fb67784360c7d7c17e5


$10 off all orders $50+ #########################################

The ELFbots are busy putting presents together, and they want to
make sure you get everything on your list. So, save a Hamilton
off a Grant's worth of stuff! Use single-use code
SAVEBOT@CK4ZNB to save $10 off your order of $50 or more 
until 11:59pm PT 11/22/14.*

Save a sawbuck:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7cbf9d9684a97ca0c1dfa7a90c2b04ce534bf09dfe3b2fa63

* Some exclusions apply. See product pages for details.

What's New(s)! ##################################################

Exclusive Star Trek Phaser Remote Replica - Set phasers to chill

This ST:TOS Phaser Remote lets you harmlessly blast your home
entertainment system into submission. Recreated from 3D laser
scans of the last known screen-used hero prop, it looks good, but
it's also a fully-functioning programmable infrared remote
control. You can store up to 36 programmable gestures: plenty to
control all of your Earth-based entertainment equipment. The unit
features a wide range of settings and beam strengths, including
different Phaser firing sounds (including Phaser Overload
sequence) and authentic Starship Enterprise sounds. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b2d99f2e979c4a82990c88f266075390774e3d9b15ebd44e


Zombie Ornaments for the Holidays - Here for your candy caaaaanes

Zombies and the holidays just go together. In green and red,
they're already the right color scheme. And, if they reanimated
after a traditional death, they tend to be dressed all fancy as
if for a holiday party. Decorate your tree with these
zombie-themed holiday goodies. Choose the Zombie Ornament Set,
featuring a zombified Santa, snowman, reindeer, and elf, or our
Walking Dead Glass Wing Ornament featuring the pattern on the
back of Daryl's vest. Both are ThinkGeek exclusives, which means
you won't find them anywhere else this holiday season.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f14b47b1ff8e19d883c6ed6cca5e988df58a69c8b66f5d5c
desc/0/100


Bee and Puppycat Roleplay Sword - Use the sword as a sword!

How many times have you been in Fishbowl Space and a giant
monster ripped out of the thing you were babysitting? Seems like
every time, right? But when fighting this squamous horror, you
don't want to risk damaging your pearly whites while biting
through its tentacles. That's when you need a sword. Sure you
could pull one out of your bell, but many times you forget and
use that one like a club. If you have one of these Bee and
Puppycat Roleplay Swords on you, though, you'll always be ready
to slice and dice anything that threatens the peace of other
dimensions. Just make sure to hide it when your neighbor visits;
don't want to accidentally hit him in the crotch with this!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea795c029617ece53779a5c60761f0e18e93daa478d0f530f79


Wooden Mechanical Clock Kit - DIY Tick Tock

In the olden days, we didn't use smartphones to tell the time. We
used a think called a "clock." It had gears and hands and was
totally retro. And now with some glue and tools and a ton of
patience, you can build your very own mechanical clock. It uses a
pendulum and weight to keep time, and actually doesn't have the
hands you'd expect. Instead, two gears are marked with numbers
and line up to arrows built into the clock body. One gear tells
the hours, the other the minutes. And if you want to know if it's
AM or PM... well, you just need a window for that (i.e., look
outside)!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7598f2da3ded7c58013dd8f7552b186930149c3f456b0ec94


Aliens Pulse Rifle Bottle Opener - Stay frosty with a beer

We want to introduce you to a personal friend of ours. This is a
bottle-opening pulse rifle. Well, technically all models of pulse
rifle are capable of opening bottles - it's just that there's
generally not a lot of drinkable liquid after they're done. This
3 1/2" bottle opener modeled after the M41-A is molded on one
side and has magnets on the back, so you can slap it to the side
of your fridge or your power loader. Note that the combination of
drinking and battling Xenomorphs is highly contraindicated. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea76b422112cad4134859495e2ef8fc31e94d113c47a5ce928f


Firefly Yahtzee - Shiny game is shiny

There are some games you buy for the game and others you buy for
the stuff that comes with the game. While Yahtzee is a perfectly
fun game, you'll be buying Firefly Yahtzee for what comes with
it. Specifically, this awesome replica of Serenity. The back pops
off so you can use the ship as a dice cup for rolling the custom
dice. But we like to pick it up, remove the landing gear, and fly
it around the office. Sometimes we race our Firefly Yahtzee
Serenity ships down the halls, sometimes we race them outside.
And then, when we're tired of running, we collapse and actually
play Firefly Yahtzee. Because that's how we roll. Get it?
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea715baf92198f1f08f9650c364be3559aaa4c3ef07320ed5cd


Doctor Who Rubber Welcome Mats - Keep your TARDIS clean

Whovians just can't get enough Doctor Who stuff. We like to have
things that remind us about the Doctor everywhere... including
under our feet! That's why we make sure every doorway we can has
a Doctor Who Rubber Welcome Mat in front of it. Because nothing
says, "I heart heart the Doctor," like a mat featuring the
TARDIS. And to stop people from saying it, the mat also has those
famous words, "Bigger on the inside." Remember, when you are
running from the Daleks or the Cybermen or the Autons, always
wipe your feet before entering the TARDIS. She likes it better
that way.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea752843d5e9512f04f6ab082c7bd1d47bba8407acc5c396790


Dino Bioluminescent Pet - They glow at night

When you get your Dino Bioluminescent pet, you'll get a coupon to
send away for the living dinoflagellates that will swim inside
your glass dino. Add them into the water, feed them, love them,
and they will thrive. And when dinoflagellates thrive, bio-magic
happens. At night, if you gently rock or swirl their water, the
flashy protists will light up. It's a reaction between a few
chemicals which results in a beautiful blue glow. A great and
meditative way to pause your busy life and ruminate on how
awesome the power (i.e., science) of nature really is. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b1206783a0975bcec4c25c79c2b93dc8b9edf7ba16f4b3d4


Skull Ice Mold - Brain freeze!

So there we were at Dr. Vic Frankenstein's Halloween party when
we found ourselves commenting on all his body part party
paraphernalia. He had brain cakes and kidney pies. But he was
missing one thing. So, we went back to OUR labs, and created the
Skull Ice Mold. Each mold (and you get two per set) will let you
make one quite detailed skull (minus the lower jaw) out of ice.
But don't just stop at ice skulls, because you can mold almost
anything in these: skull soaps, skull chocolates, skull cakes,
skull etc. And with the holidays coming up, nothing gets rid of
unwanted guests faster than breaking out the skull ice cubes!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7dd323d20d82d5e5f53b715fd69336b2545a4ef743da35c7b


R2-D2 Interactive Astromech Droid - Obeys your commands

This IS the droid you've been looking for. Artoo is the perfect
companion, whether you're an unsure young Jedi or a brave sexy
Princess (or both!) He'll listen to your commands and do as you
say - most of the time. You forget that little R2-D2 has a mind
of his own. If you get on his good side, you can get him to dance
and play games and hold your "space beer." But if you get on his
bad side, he'll just bad mouth you to all the droids at the
cantina. And there is nothing worse than having a bunch of droids
bleeping at you behind your back. Best of all, Artoo doesn't come
with C-3PO! Now, we're not busting Threepio's chops here, but he
does get a bit annoying. Maybe not
accidentally-bump-into-Sarlacc-Pit annoying, but you know what we
mean.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea77890045a46907e0631a13c05bc416a09445948d95901c032


New Desk and Wire Organization - Power to the power cords!

It's time to take back your desk from the mess of wires that
threatens to topple your messy stacks of other things (documents,
toys, etc.). First, to make sure you have outlets where you need
them, there's the Pod Power - a nine foot extension cord with
outlets every three feet. Then, for easy charging of multiple
devices, there's the Converge. It holds your things in place as
they charge while keeping the cords wound up and tangle free. And
finally, to add order to the desk right in front of you, there's
the Space Bar Keyboard Organizer (in a variety of
finishes/colors). It sits under your monitor, has room to store
your keyboard, and provides USB ports where you need them most!
Banish unruly wires forever!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c0eb021f34144560efa8711cd5bbe81f2b056139e7f59f90


Mugs & Glassware - Buy one, get one 50% off 

The holidays normally involve all sorts of drinking. From morning
coffee to hot cocoa to more adult beverages for toasts (and
tolerating your relatives (and them tolerating you)), all these
liquids have one thing in common: they need to ride in something
to get into your face. And because you're going to drink various
libations, you're going to need a bunch of different liquid
delivery units. So, for a limited time, buy one mug or glassware
item at regular price and get another (of equal or lesser value)
half off. No code needed! Offer ends 11:59pm ET 11/22/14.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7be8f0d7ab115e7ee7e8fcb3d327e0638db3b2ac9be95417c


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78189d250eef37c18df76aabbc3cb3546b446c3b1bdd9e04b

Adventure Time 2015 Calendar
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b76d276196285ebb0a1ad2c64db5f98ed7bf8921422a725b

Holiday Plug Hugger
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72254e49f870a29274657e73fadbb41179d4f3eba378fb63b

iPhone Merry Charger
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78ba093744967ed8d17e07c78d83bb7e9482b1f42d9ea573a

Big Gears Wall Clock
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea720c8e40d32c2a982f3dc5f32b5c7cd2238cfad811724fa91

Snap Back Magnetic Charging Cable
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71bff63d1c96402d091ebf4a33614aeb517459c0bcf8c4a91

Game of Thrones 8oz Flasks
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea718241bdd22dbb47b8a2500c8a12ef367193d0e67d1d38f60

Doctor Who RPG 5th Doctor Hardcover Guide
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f32c3801e599602bca6a2c7078dfd3d8acb6dae239ac0470

Doctor Who RPG Limited Edition Core Rules
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea70fe673f561f27e94ac68dcacb762e3a38d38f35f7f3a9b7d

Doctor Who RPG 1st Doctor Hardcover Guide
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea77794b37b3fba3960f238ec05cb53cd977ca92c1e303a7d36

Doctor Who RPG 3rd Doctor Hardcover Guide
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a2953b7942fc5d3b36d18249d3b605854ac61039cc9d04b4

Doctor Who RPG 4th Doctor Hardcover Guide
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75c4f1df33440e0618db056934a15286236d49f7da8ed8924

magicMOUNT
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7911028064eb21fb6b3351347df1b5a38c5b82bafd2ceb790

magicMOUNT window
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7fa1156f1229dfcd042b29263f0a1dc8df7280e7611152c65

magicMount power
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a799af9ec130988ab1277a62d6538758d17fab3b5f90b1ea

WOW Alliance/Horde Pint Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea799480f45317683d5bf722a46adafbf20b568e599a0523c6e

Clipster Active
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7002067adb192dba645050b6b90780d1df1d6d0df53300d14

Exclusive Premium Retro Tees! ###################################

Exclusive Retro Vader Ladies' Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7555e59ba380e6d1d80afd68705a2dd6b6b13108690b15da3

Exclusive Star Wars Premium Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7153ca952fd70a0b094d29d178010b977981f7c2c2615bb83

Exclusive Vintage Star Wars Premium Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c725765720f73e4f9ee5fc012b14602dd2196b6fe2e38de3

Exclusive Retro Star Wars Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75c8ce3757a88b42cc243d6e9bd06997a405a78bf567ab10d

Exclusive Retro Leia Ladies' Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7784d503f9276bb861cf796ca3ace4e0fb19dce308b831d34

Exclusive Retro Yoda Ladies' Raglan
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c2a748afc461c39820db80f32fa2d93a850b6780613252a7

Exclusive Retro Solo Ladies' Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79f91bb0449876e19471c68a671179cde748cf18c78091705

Exclusive Admiral Kirk Premium Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72fcb64d92001332fc8a6ffb19bb2b02e7bb50ac23fdb9a35

Exclusive Spock Lives Premium Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75902d696cf353fc3f5b0dd5e41a2991b752edd30c9960b88

Exclusive Retro Star Trek Ladies' Ringer Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72c57b8a530b0130ba300795664224eb353f4d11d62c13978

Exclusive Retro Star Trek Ladies' Raglan
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7838069caa999a6e4f344c0ddcb3da2d72750fbb0859b18a4

New Apparel! ####################################################

This Is Your Captain Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f059b2b073e422ecf7877247356ea2bef891d3805462b956

Bending Elements Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e99c854fc1d025f1777b8ebb5f50d90188d310b877224693

Sparklefists Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea798d2846484744e0c4da52b188f76002f0a32a47ada7f0eb1

Attack on Titan Confrontation
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea746a741addd02db3c4a2873ed13b43823c34158268de674e5

Doctor XII
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea766af1ad0a193839a483684508044afee048da5505fe2a344

Haynes Guide to the Lunar Rover
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7103fefa5227959ec955f2b08345a105a6518a6a0298b8575

Haynes Guide to Apollo 11
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea76d73f3f401b55367f3e286084ae32efe6d1476717efe1dd1

Exclusive Haynes Guide to the Slayer Scythe
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7fb55cc5b334013763c792ebd40ba27b3c594872c25880465

ANOVOS Star Trek Enterprise Captain Archer Flight Jacket
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea73e382497e070e5013a7246fdaa32b2ee7fb4dfd8de21d534

Rogue Noveau Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ea69fb799608f566417e770a2ca1830fd81d6744392b9d46

Shadowcat Noveau Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ea45890108d1c107ef92eeebbe68e500efb4b6b63790f9d9

Marvel Pop Boxes Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea795c5ded351c7e3bfb4dea4598c1ff762c3398abf9abe2463

Assembly Required Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b13250520bfc570b4a8c720e6f3efaaad9593ca7c10f38c7

Dia De Los Trooper
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7da8c404879f37c11d1547b7673543136a59c338b14fba1cc

Dia de Los Vader Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea781af4c0c08f22d2e8d8132b9d83aa5d681c4e8db993199ed

Dia de Los Boba Fett Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72265a545bd231a0b239ea7562b9c82610638e615208ac7a0

Dia De Los Vader
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79a0ea2173535d7e4cac88b7ab68c600b9dfc721c0be0e01e

Charm Bead Sale - just $14.99!  #################################

Game Controller Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7689a97c0057d04a81752d9eb8fb4e7cd63393cf547aa43ce

Doctor Who Silver TARDIS Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea778703217fda13116fd6352fa1501096afbc51297500f767d

Firefly Serenity Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d954ba02d3614c8ab5e06b45b50fcd5f9279d6ce0e493e88

Portal Companion Cube Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ebca428cc44789f602da3388b8060e6885448c029f84f7ec

Star Trek Exclusive Insignia Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f735db222ebaa57bb4226938aa6a19cabc73aca5fc185946

Science Flask Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b9bd31ec168fde49b0edf77ae74f8aa83f0fa402c1bc8405

Camera Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea788170f38e09112c8a162ed87f4351337ee23921b87a36dc6

Beer Charm Bead - $14.99
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d24ab7b5e55f5427d633fdd816284e60fa92ef961853dd6d

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: No sleep for this night owl!

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75ef6f252d6d60ce4f34dce2631c31730d8c2ead36853819c

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7bb248eaaa3215730ced517163315b8082e590423751f7d97

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Jessie from Dacula,
GA! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Strong Bonds":

Lost an electron.
The others won't escape! I
keep my Ion them.

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75fb08c6af1efbbbb502c70f34ea5986933be6934a1f0d09a
 
Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ef3bd93e3170496d81616eb14a92c771f40ef913f59fa540

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e24874f9dda74f01210294ac1eadc8522d2f90a51da3e311

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7971f38b57e19afedfe9938e58608612eaa10fd9811c4c061

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea74001d11e86e968e07c2e13c4469ec18b62143f6f00de6442

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea720dcccd76a32839c109ce48f90f98a2090e3e2d1045b2987

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea74d5c16a84823994d9346824a59e9c3ee3b9109017ceb0810

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79ec44d7987a9fe2cb5cec088bf6bb68c699a5281ae8e471c

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a7ab382fb726a49d7131b64433a7ce9877fc1c091bfbecf1

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ab46db6175444d4db99ee1342fbdc1e7ace265619dee7ed8

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea799ece8f7997402f5235a1d235460ac6c73bb4d1d60c13000

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea773f23cff6aca7de8238e21b1a215e6a742b736bb8031c6db

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f9a62e0e28442ae413debb8e65af335c1eb7517eccb2a5d1

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7017fd87a3a666cc0a6a050ceff6ebffec9d7e7ccee0a2fcd

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea76df0d922ef0c110abccc1c21bfb1103417f9b1b95bcb8c67

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7887071bc8ced71f48abe4704b685db95899abc5e68d7bbb0 *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7979d330faf915edb7cb4af8b31459014bae765e2f1e89a43

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79ec44d7987a9fe2cb5cec088bf6bb68c699a5281ae8e471c 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--aZpQJnNRuP1O=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe491277726d047a7c1d-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10040" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=grid] {padding: 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=featuretable] {margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 320px !important; height: 60px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=grid] {padding: 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=featuretable] {margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 500px !important; height: 70px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Plus $10 off your next order and lots of new shinies!</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78786ad0c73c591dae9cd421ad43bf9272a070a33b2c7d24b" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78786ad0c73c591dae9cd421ad43bf9272a070a33b2c7d24b" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea76694ac347dd60902144c15f733d1ef560d380784075b8ceb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2014-holidaytimmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78a665a81a7f9ca828f7b810021d371a70094e624c38e68be" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71ad068be3303a15d2c2dbfa5b3cdbd35f9ebe3b408126e8c" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75ef0e23d1e88ec5b06dd351a73801ce83a768ee9a6466f3e" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea755a39ffc75bea280a2d8dd18de29bb62a852e97c8e199535" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#96141a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c5656a861a50724155a310c6ab7f21f06b7196e82ad4e9b4" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GIFT CENTER</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
			<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f2747d9a2409b085dfef647cc8e450884278556027f58386" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-21-marvelhoodies.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Exclusive Marvel Hoodies" title="These are SUPER hoodies" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 0px 0px;" /></a>	
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>		
			<td style="padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px;" class="grid">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" border="0" class="featuretable">
					<tr>
						<td>
							<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea77615fff728b27443df526cbfbddadb07a5634fc700cdc24c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-21-10off50.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="$10 off all orders $50+" title="$10 off all orders $50+" class="feature" style="margin: 0px; padding:0px; display: block;" /></a>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr> 
						<td style="background-color: #000000;">
				
						<p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 25px; color: #ffffff; padding: 10px 35px 10px 35px; margin: 0px; text-align:center;">The ELFbots are busy putting presents together, and they want to make sure you get everything on your list. So, save a Hamilton off a Grant's worth of stuff! Use single-use code <strong>SAVEBOT@CK4ZNB</strong> to save <strong>$10 off your order of $50</strong> or more 
until <a href="#" style="color: #ffffff; text-decoration: none; pointer-events: none;">11:59pm PT 11/22/14</a>.*</p>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr> 
						<td>
							<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea77615fff728b27443df526cbfbddadb07a5634fc700cdc24c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-21-10off50b.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="$10 off all orders $50+" title="$10 off all orders $50+" class="feature" style="margin: 0px; border:0px; display: block;" /></a>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>	
			</td>
		</tr>	
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Katniss had a little lamb</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">You know, if it weren't for Edison, folks watching the newly-released Hunger Games movie (the first Hunger Games movie with no actual Hunger Games) would be pretty bored since there'd also be no actual sound. Well, okay, presumably somebody else would have stepped up and figured out how to play back recorded sound, but Edison was the first. He announced his discovery of the phonograph on this day in 1877. Now if only he had figured out how to make everybody in the theater shut up....</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea766726fabde3ff4bb050215484548a226548b5c6d19bf30bd" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Exclusive Star Trek Phaser Remote Replica - Set phasers to chill</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a2a0b82d49936500f6b77931f76c2f7882abed8b1dec02d0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1db4_star_trek_phaser_remote_replica.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Exclusive Star Trek Phaser Remote Replica - Set phasers to chill" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">This ST:TOS Phaser Remote lets you harmlessly blast your home entertainment system into submission. Recreated from 3D laser scans of the last known screen-used hero prop, it looks good, but it's also a fully-functioning programmable infrared remote control. You can store up to 36 programmable gestures: plenty to control all of your Earth-based entertainment equipment. The unit features a wide range of settings and beam strengths, including different Phaser firing sounds (including Phaser Overload sequence) and authentic Starship Enterprise sounds.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea748fddae038c7e1e095974c1b1b9333026eceda60a813e41b" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Zombie Ornaments for the Holidays - Here for your candy caaaaanes</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7259af4f0049c5eb954297c6383655b2944887438c0155ebd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-21-ornaments.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Zombie Ornaments for the Holidays - Here for your candy caaaaanes" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Zombies and the holidays just go together. In green and red, they're already the right color scheme. And, if they reanimated after a traditional death, they tend to be dressed all fancy as if for a holiday party. Decorate your tree with these zombie-themed holiday goodies. Choose the Zombie Ornament Set, featuring a zombified Santa, snowman, reindeer, and elf, or our Walking Dead Glass Wing Ornament featuring the pattern on the back of Daryl's vest. Both are ThinkGeek exclusives, which means you won't find them anywhere else this holiday season.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a228311e4b7fbbbbb27a27451d847dfb839a6a6728e51080" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Bee and Puppycat Roleplay Sword - Use the sword as a sword!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea724313135e4aedd4924a8d69ee5ee2d459d60ca35d2b5581f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1f65_bee_puppycat_roleplay_sword.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Bee and Puppycat Roleplay Sword - Use the sword as a sword!" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">How many times have you been in Fishbowl Space and a giant monster ripped out of the thing you were babysitting? Seems like every time, right? But when fighting this squamous horror, you don't want to risk damaging your pearly whites while biting through its tentacles. That's when you need a sword. Sure you could pull one out of your bell, but many times you forget and use that one like a club. If you have one of these Bee and Puppycat Roleplay Swords on you, though, you'll always be ready to slice and dice anything that threatens the peace of other dimensions. Just make sure to hide it when your neighbor
 visits; don't want to accidentally hit him in the crotch with this!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b9442a028ce4271a2fc4512663433774f7902f540ec33715" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Wooden Mechanical Clock Kit - DIY Tick Tock</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ac4b9bf479d157b01c505a2715618ade78045645e370df5a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hshg_wooden_mechanical_clock.gif" alt="If your images were on you'd see Wooden Mechanical Clock Kit - DIY Tick Tock" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">In the olden days, we didn't use smartphones to tell the time. We used a think called a "clock." It had gears and hands and was totally retro. And now with some glue and tools and a ton of patience, you can build your very own mechanical clock. It uses a pendulum and weight to keep time, and actually doesn't have the hands you'd expect. Instead, two gears are marked with numbers and line up to arrows built into the clock body. One gear tells the hours, the other the minutes. And if you want to know if it's AM or PM... well, you just need a window for that (i.e., look outside)!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f2a608b6ac8fe91018cd82b3ddc9e97d7921e6e1d5fd9681" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Aliens Pulse Rifle Bottle Opener - Stay frosty with a beer</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f643d90dfb8e84a4886c5f7da8535e0c00d2e1c67cbef425" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1e81_aliens_pulse_rifle_bottle_opener.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Aliens Pulse Rifle Bottle Opener - Stay frosty with a beer" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">We want to introduce you to a personal friend of ours. This is a bottle-opening pulse rifle. Well, technically all models of pulse rifle are capable of opening bottles - it's just that there's generally not a lot of drinkable liquid after they're done. This 3 1/2" bottle opener modeled after the M41-A is molded on one side and has magnets on the back, so you can slap it to the side of your fridge or your power loader. Note that the combination of drinking and battling Xenomorphs is highly contraindicated.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a43b43f4164f6b18dd3d2ae4cf9b00553c8c9a3199b70e1b" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Firefly Yahtzee - Shiny game is shiny</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a2ef187399f28f2cf5873dc6527602dccffb14dfe1fa7c61" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1bd4_firefly_yahtzee.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Firefly Yahtzee - Shiny game is shiny" width="" height="" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">There are some games you buy for the game and others you buy for the stuff that comes with the game. While Yahtzee is a perfectly fun game, you'll be buying Firefly Yahtzee for what comes with it. Specifically, this awesome replica of Serenity. The back pops off so you can use the ship as a dice cup for rolling the custom dice. But we like to pick it up, remove the landing gear, and fly it around the office. Sometimes we race our Firefly Yahtzee Serenity ships down the halls, sometimes we race them outside. And then, when we're tired of running, we collapse and actually play Firefly Yahtzee. Because that's how
 we roll. Get it?						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea730acec216cfbc03895af037226df562446d57ebacdc466b0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Doctor Who Rubber Welcome Mats - Keep your TARDIS clean</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ce35cb5a676c2ebec2cf9fd9d30aea9d8ae93b93944bf992" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1ec6_dw_rubber_welcome_mats.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Doctor Who Rubber Welcome Mats - Keep your TARDIS clean" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Whovians just can't get enough Doctor Who stuff. We like to have things that remind us about the Doctor everywhere... including under our feet! That's why we make sure every doorway we can has a Doctor Who Rubber Welcome Mat in front of it. Because nothing says, "I heart heart the Doctor," like a mat featuring the TARDIS. And to stop people from saying it, the mat also has those famous words, "Bigger on the inside." Remember, when you are running from the Daleks or the Cybermen or the Autons, always wipe your feet before entering the TARDIS. She likes it better that way.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f02d628ee98df4e537973a21974652fdeef5234106eec98f" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Dino Bioluminescent Pet - They glow at night</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ac163532ae2d572da01a41f8b2c93911578920b44501d23a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/htlu_dino_bioluminescent_pet.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Dino Bioluminescent Pet - They glow at night" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">When you get your Dino Bioluminescent pet, you'll get a coupon to send away for the living dinoflagellates that will swim inside your glass dino. Add them into the water, feed them, love them, and they will thrive. And when dinoflagellates thrive, bio-magic happens. At night, if you gently rock or swirl their water, the flashy protists will light up. It's a reaction between a few chemicals which results in a beautiful blue glow. A great and meditative way to pause your busy life and ruminate on how awesome the power (i.e., science) of nature really is.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f746ff1fc62c758b1047fe406549c78f5161e7f327c71ba1" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Skull Ice Mold - Brain freeze!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d3c5e2a0b4e47bba5f82efe0570294e66854ddaf85751725" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1ffd_skull_ice_mold.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Skull Ice Mold - Brain freeze!" width="130" height="86" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">So there we were at Dr. Vic Frankenstein's Halloween party when we found ourselves commenting on all his body part party paraphernalia. He had brain cakes and kidney pies. But he was missing one thing. So, we went back to OUR labs, and created the Skull Ice Mold. Each mold (and you get two per set) will let you make one quite detailed skull (minus the lower jaw) out of ice. But don't just stop at ice skulls, because you can mold almost anything in these: skull soaps, skull chocolates, skull cakes, skull etc. And with the holidays coming up, nothing gets rid of unwanted guests faster than breaking out the skull
 ice cubes!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea757b59920aaad5accf25a80e9cab0f554decb0a17a007b5e5" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >R2-D2 Interactive Astromech Droid - Obeys your commands</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7286174b0c36178d9c7728cb4c52b9ec1f08c274c57cd7f06" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/r2d2_astromech.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see R2-D2 Interactive Astromech Droid - Obeys your commands" width="79" height="120" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">This IS the droid you've been looking for. Artoo is the perfect companion, whether you're an unsure young Jedi or a brave sexy Princess (or both!) He'll listen to your commands and do as you say - most of the time. You forget that little R2-D2 has a mind of his own. If you get on his good side, you can get him to dance and play games and hold your "space beer." But if you get on his bad side, he'll just bad mouth you to all the droids at the cantina. And there is nothing worse than having a bunch of droids bleeping at you behind your back. Best of all, Artoo doesn't come with C-3PO! Now, we're not busting
 Threepio's chops here, but he does get a bit annoying. Maybe not accidentally-bump-into-Sarlacc-Pit annoying, but you know what we mean.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c04caf3fec5631e8da3013d3f6505d35f1c1eb35a0ab6315" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Desk and Wire Organization - Power to the power cords!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea712c9cf0c5503c8e4dc8d6f25df51310d4baf4ba4ca5541c7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hsqm_pod_power_black.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Desk and Wire Organization - Power to the power cords!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">It's time to take back your desk from the mess of wires that threatens to topple your messy stacks of other things (documents, toys, etc.). First, to make sure you have outlets where you need them, there's the Pod Power - a nine foot extension cord with outlets every three feet. Then, for easy charging of multiple devices, there's the Converge. It holds your things in place as they charge while keeping the cords wound up and tangle free. And finally, to add order to the desk right in front of you, there's the Space Bar Keyboard Organizer (in a variety of finishes/colors). It sits under your monitor, has room to
 store your keyboard, and provides USB ports where you need them most! Banish unruly wires forever!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7232473703c3b9e20a2a0b23cc67c7b86405f932e0b6677f1" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Mugs & Glassware - Buy one, get one 50% off</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7beac0398891de749e46b7e181a5f0586c5ceb7f991abc2ce" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-21-mugbogo.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Mugs & Glassware - Buy one, get one 50% off" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The holidays normally involve all sorts of drinking. From morning coffee to hot cocoa to more adult beverages for toasts (and tolerating your relatives (and them tolerating you)), all these liquids have one thing in common: they need to ride in something to get into your face. And because you're going to drink various libations, you're going to need a bunch of different liquid delivery units. So, for a limited time, buy one mug or glassware item at regular price and get another (of equal or lesser value) half off. No code needed! Offer ends 11:59pm ET 11/22/14.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear:both;">Exclusive Premium Retro Tees!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					
			
							<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7569f5a9bcfb6baf45e41c693295f5f97e0158f50dcc8a109" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/215c_retro_vader_ladies_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Vader Ladies' Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea74d322aad58d50247938022fd01351ef1636757f3646b3479"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Vader Ladies' Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72d2facb44b2fef948812549d635f7c191c5c2027f9fc6e8a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqt_sw_poster_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Star Wars Premium Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71bbcbcc45badebcb7b7c0d4db50e7bb805dedd29146ba5ff"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Star Wars Premium Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d0cca8e9bbfcd3085e4aac311f333e2171e7f8c06014238c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqv_star_wars_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Vintage Star Wars Premium Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea751087e2a30eb65c38555e92b0cd6afd7597c869c34100c8b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Vintage Star Wars Premium Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea77df77737eb2d4b91a00b89e45ed3227e1468f13140261839" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/5159_retro_star_wars_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Star Wars Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7edd3b96fe62ec65a66491b744148eca433548ab898334158"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Star Wars Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c873ee7fcc06563fe89acc0fc4121957e0522e5b7de9a74f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/215b_exclusive_retro_leia_ladies_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Leia Ladies' Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7746d89aaecab52a552452575b939d9224f84d4675734f326"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Leia Ladies' Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71a98306848cc6521cd20433c0b03bc389f77c3acc42fae24" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2156_exclusive_retro_yoda_ladies_raglan_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Yoda Ladies' Raglan" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ce8ce092c5cf86394500f98c66f94b5507498be57c720af9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Yoda Ladies' Raglan</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71dda22744bff97ee6bf30930d14882520ca783e59d56242f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/215a_retro_solo_ladies_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Solo Ladies' Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71cc88b3d1d42350d818dc689bc006d87c00ca895416774bb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Solo Ladies' Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7644d0b4f0d808e95f3836d81faf381e8c89be47e619412d5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrn_admiral_kirk_premium_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Admiral Kirk Premium Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75a204aa589458942b9a7ffab22e4ee0dbb45999fd112c238"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Admiral Kirk Premium Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c31d22eaaffc2347ac19c90316c3d76b44b6f6f594668ee9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrm_spock_lives_ringer_tee_dd.jpg " alt="Exclusive Spock Lives Premium Ringer Tee" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7078b66fdf2cb9463780014dcdd77e23f173bfbe85dde44d7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Spock Lives Premium Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7aa26df2fd142c060cb0eb7cf6bf31977e0f12c0a9efc5c01" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2157_retro_star_trek_ladies_ringer_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Star Trek Ladies' Ringer Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7de09d2bcca344b4bf46377a3f94d7edc54f4dcd2a7bb4fa4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Star Trek Ladies' Ringer Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>		
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea77b6638cdec0d5f53b3d62b1c877a856b7fa4200bee63f6a2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2158_retro_star_trek_ladies_raglan_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Retro Star Trek Ladies' Raglan" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71918b165132cccb98f3e054e0acdc08079f181e352d3e814"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Retro Star Trek Ladies' Raglan</b></a></p>
					</li>				
					</ul>
					
				<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear:both;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
					
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7798b066a8fc0865be96064ec5d2eab7e752225dd40b3cd90" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2086_this_is_your_captain_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="This Is Your Captain Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e9a70862b1a37b4ebce819c2a61e970729853a25ef0b2ca4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>This Is Your Captain Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea73e12accee118418eaf04012074b3c588d24c4491bb5416cb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2080_bending_elements_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Bending Elements Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75d8e9f9ba7e4a746ca7db22659692067452d621c0ff45f41"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bending Elements Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7cb30554d9c1fff3460ff4ef8c9fa92a06e939831e7f4a60c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20cb_sparklefists_ladies_tee_new_dd.jpg" alt="Sparklefists Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea777debf52c2fdd7bb27ba0a0d99ddc6b0ded808ba58826deb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sparklefists Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea73dbbeca9cab87711930fa3aeb6c29ac3f95762eb63c02dda" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsno_attack_on_titan_confrontation_dd.jpg" alt="Attack on Titan Confrontation" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7bf740d68763fafba8739a3379a77db368d9c658d43ca6901"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Attack on Titan Confrontation</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ffc24950aabfd255920234c030d522cc958292bec054cdc6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnp_doctor_xii_dd.jpg" alt="Doctor XII" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71edfd0858e8def4fd63fb718092f3d32229550484ab1564d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor XII</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79d6bab5ccf1b51753d649df0e92aab160ebfa1ff2fe116ae" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnr_haynes_guide_to_the_lunar_rover_dd.jpg" alt="Haynes Guide to the Lunar Rover" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea708998ed57b34e30e4850eb1854c4afb4a87b2587caf08cac"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Haynes Guide to the Lunar Rover</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7cbf3d181c061b066e6e2d6b1a6e9e9c4bae7d6cd3be75cca" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnt_haynes_guide_to_apollo11_dd.jpg" alt="Haynes Guide to Apollo 11" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea795869f247fdfc824202b223e3127955394c790e9694f033a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Haynes Guide to Apollo 11</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7eb6562ee1370c59a32afb52ced9bd7c9014453c938392064" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsog_haynes_guide_to_the_slayer_scythe_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Haynes Guide to the Slayer Scythe" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7fa6bc42ac591399c181342e71ec8eb74b91f3a44ea4796b0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Haynes Guide to the Slayer Scythe</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a30da8e050f3eda88b1a56f4e3654b331aeb7c8a22142b23" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/19e8_star_trek_enterprise_capt_archer_flight_jacket.jpg" alt="ANOVOS Star Trek Enterprise Captain Archer Flight Jacket" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7475771c976d0c245048b0284b38c153bc4c4c94f124a7215"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>ANOVOS Star Trek Enterprise Captain Archer Flight Jacket</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7dcdaf8213906253c9a6bc74c2fd7816b9cc25b16f504c89d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2126_rogue_nouveau_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Rogue Noveau Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e474eab79f76217d2632aa8a37e542cb7243112e9a2d3b86"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rogue Noveau Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b47e7105d917d1ca741e1e4df8119c263ffdf229df6ca591" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2127_shadowcat_nouveau_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Shadowcat Noveau Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a29d636d6afd288d13a6525bd86df0f721f268888ea14ab5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Shadowcat Noveau Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea70640350467f7416a38d0716b50ab12cf8fe730ee830e77b9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2082_marvel_pop_boxes_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Marvel Pop Boxes Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7bc557286c86a4175cdc061e6ea2b4722252e5da7453a3370"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Pop Boxes Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d34c905f9792a33acfacd07aea10d0b2dd4c7c1c6f8ea482" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2124_assembly_required_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Assembly Required Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c201916905ebba970475df1b1802aff3b60cc58506e68b0d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Assembly Required Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79293b1be75ca7fca9908828ccad5af4b8fd26f36f96752c9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2072_darth_muertos_dd.jpg" alt="Dia De Los Vader" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7fea742d376b3f5c18ca8d5e458d148b335e9bf432af9f8a5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dia De Los Vader</b></a></p>
					</li>
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d29b858ee8f261a4f8bdb4b38a8cbd9f507ef37ac495720f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20c5_dia_de_los_vader_ladies_tee1_dd.jpg" alt="Dia de Los Vader Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72600a5a41dfd22700bdfa7db327e80ed572682d54de27591"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dia de Los Vader Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79c69c038bac854ac743316d12015e7afff77dafdc300e11a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2074_dia_de_los_trooper_dd.jpg" alt="Dia De Los Trooper" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea796d21fddd24d1d8f3c04628ecce878fa10bdd37e58b1b5e2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dia De Los Trooper</b></a></p>
					</li>										<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72999140cecf0f5d88328b698119947e26d48e6e881f1d828" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20c6_dia_de_los_fett_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Dia de Los Boba Fett Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f0a15bc48cf4d18e4395b8c3fc56aa6def744b24b3564772"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dia de Los Boba Fett Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea70367b3e5780b42d978b23457e7b888894fe4a720e7866c8d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrtt_adventure_time_2015_wal_cal.jpg" alt="Adventure Time 2015 Calendar" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea754aef2c42a546a74eed6bd03a9a7a0a5149a98bc6cd50f77"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Adventure Time 2015 Calendar</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea794eb4064e33dbf516b75e5c6629469ee623a348e9821f4ca" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hroi_holiday_plug_hugger.jpg" alt="Holiday Plug Hugger" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea733bed8c78cf3164eb2ec14a39b8fde689cb05ba7f5a1284c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Holiday Plug Hugger</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f9cc26e21d3f32b4946635010a9f5a6d00946a0676f3dc33" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrmo_iphone_merry_charger.jpg" alt="iPhone Merry Charger" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7dc8f94865f29d99e7b2d83a9b16a93da2b91582bb17e0a12"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>iPhone Merry Charger</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea76f0d421b750e48d1b57ac139cb5fd43ed3a0b284c71f2281" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hslt_big_gears_wall_clock.jpg" alt="Big Gears Wall Clock" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78808490ce89cf6d0a6da5daf549ce4275db8363202e2800a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Big Gears Wall Clock</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78eb84482bf8f259e44a1159c4cdba3ecb012d205d476f038" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20ee_snapback_magnetic_charging_cable.jpg" alt="Snap Back Magnetic Charging Cable" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79534093e60868c1238b9698d4ec39067dae419a042ae5c45"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Snap Back Magnetic Charging Cable</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7493a23bd1d588f89600def2ed6ec815ad5ec0a67b3b7b71c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/188f_got_8oz_flask.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones 8oz Flasks" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea798f14ae4bf3bbc58a92b4946e0f3aaecee80412096029322"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game of Thrones 8oz Flasks</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea747ec9cc9219aad943256ab160655238d0bab0f1fd0e52d27" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssg_dw_rpg_5th_doctor_guide.jpg" alt="Doctor Who RPG 5th Doctor Hardcover Guide" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72bd09c4497f5708ad53cb124259d1147c8d57dab7b6485c2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who RPG 5th Doctor Hardcover Guide</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7526cb1e1fe99f321610d955d176a68d37abc16f859663ded" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssh_dw_rpg_core_rules.jpg" alt="Doctor Who RPG Limited Edition Core Rules" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea758a3ec3567fd9ab0277707d2bfcbbb51b59b43ba5721917a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who RPG Limited Edition Core Rules</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea70cfa58f88b380152a44f37531f3cd5991284bf3d1bfd39e9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrt_dw_rpg_1st_doctor_guide.jpg" alt="Doctor Who RPG 1st Doctor Hardcover Guide" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7338791ee868b7faad4e8b0b8b52d0f859af82ebbe6e21cc9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who RPG 1st Doctor Hardcover Guide</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7743e0a0b2b62deb6b81d28b6f40efe96cc46117df42e0d67" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsru_dw_rpg_3rd_doctor_guide.jpg" alt="Doctor Who RPG 3rd Doctor Hardcover Guide" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e308abd307604079fd636bb0b7aa3f02f05e9597ea7f751a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who RPG 3rd Doctor Hardcover Guide</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f816ad5383fa299c614ab00726b4db9390077a1be04f41e4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrv_dw_rpg_4th_doctor_guide.jpg" alt="Doctor Who RPG 4th Doctor Hardcover Guide" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c8f87767a2f53f47be08435d8520e04a61a441c708342a6a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who RPG 4th Doctor Hardcover Guide</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7d564df82f46ba8cb2ec70a8548f0dafdd7436593016f9485" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvm_magicmount_orig.jpg " alt="magicMOUNT" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea759dba41a49fcbf4bb2c3b9b71faa74e20dfacda29d2c8b8b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>magicMOUNT</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea772a7114a26f88615110fb23e4b42dbd5130e1b3214a9cdb3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvn_magicmount_window.jpg" alt="magicMOUNT window" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b3ba8d714a61f805f99b95d38439a4ac7f0e3641e57ae883"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>magicMOUNT window</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79df335217f5441b8822d4c50d3235b687d2c384d4ad3b0bb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvs_magicmount_power.jpg " alt="magicMount power" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e5cd327778d0a155108d551b5eebfcda17139774ed6e4b87"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>magicMount power</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7fa5ffbe0de77819515236600e866aae88aa5bfbceb97d5fe" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/17f3_wow_alliance_horde_pint_glass_set.jpg" alt="WOW Alliance/Horde Pint Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea729fc20b97f53d94ef7920d52ff47dcf942c197fe81425973"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>WOW Alliance/Horde Pint Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b66d8ed2364fda7fc2a1b074babd7665d72f5c7176be6423" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsik_clipster_active.jpg " alt="Clipster Active" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea79be1a17274aae56865c5cc2c4e264fe8e13360c02ffd3222"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Clipster Active</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Charm Bead Sale - just $14.99!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7196e846d751d34628fdd61d282df4dbde97c5870da96f9b1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e72_game_controller_charm_bead.jpg" alt="Game Controller Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72833bab70bc5dbe0376fe120f68d495a4ead033c1e7920c4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game Controller Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7fad512158af9b6c1b25b8079d0d92bd513cb168da6f25142" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1806_silver_tardis_charm_bead.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Silver TARDIS Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75df2c345c50241fdd1ed8b2d45c6a48761dcc910728cda80"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who Silver TARDIS Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f759b00d606bf5406a589ddf78d9181b8db372ffabc34eeb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/12de_firefly_serenity_charm.jpg" alt="Firefly Serenity Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea767b3821f38a60670652b4439d898336060d179e6597647c5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Firefly Serenity Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7aa626af9aec170408e1911523b186618d72655b3b7cf717f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/189d_european-style_charm_bracelet_portal.jpg" alt="Portal Companion Cube Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75a5747952478cef1883e5405cd65a2d6430d67d57d9c4365"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Portal Companion Cube Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ba1354e9f6739afd4e54d303ec232f90abb949832d672d46" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fa0_star_trek_insignia_charm_bead.jpg" alt="Star Trek Exclusive Insignia Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea796c0b50eefc3c0199018c7dfbaf8bb9e1087e3932c8b51a3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Exclusive Insignia Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f91049cd3c918375cb76f0daea519a5b6fc451c1e9a7f91c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e74_science_flask_charm_bead.jpg" alt="Science Flask Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72b4a35f6458d23c1dc57e84906cdc8da20ffd5192ad591e7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Science Flask Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ce3c40402021da925c00505c1286a1428da0367c13ca7a1b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1994_camera_charm_bracelet.jpg" alt="Camera Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c221b122d3d9424c6ac63026426f0b578f55b8f2afcd075a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Camera Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71d68ea075267ffe9e03ad9ba45bbc7871201aade068da52a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqr_beer_charm_bead.jpg" alt="Beer Charm Bead - $14.99" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea747333e8c833b59e2b60988dc03bb7dc7ed653bc43c9a29fd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Beer Charm Bead - $14.99</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
					<p style="font: 18px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; float:left; padding: 0px 0px 15px 25px; display:inline; clear:both;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7adb9acfa01eb97599eb0cf5b64347f64d3f2990d8b6cc8f1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b><em>See 'em all! ></b></em></a></p>
			
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78e9f3113ea3f1ebea82ca6856e99b20fd9b285a40f704d19" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-21-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="No sleep for this night owl!" title="No sleep for this night owl!" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>No sleep for this night owl!</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a2d75ec7d7135de69af3d0ab1e3d54c2bffe77dcfea5c528" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Strong Bonds"</span><br />Lost an electron.<br />

The others won't escape! I<br />

keep my Ion them.</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Jessie from Dacula, GA!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75aebd71e7c930dc37fbba81da73969be227c18e15212ba95" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea75aebd71e7c930dc37fbba81da73969be227c18e15212ba95" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 0px; text-align: center;">
					<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7641a29d02f11d744f830b073e3bc8a3c0be00f8b0e3e0dce" ><img
src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-05-giftcenterbanner.jpg" width="600" height="75" border="0" title="Holiday Gift Center" alt="Holiday Gift Center" class="giftstationheader" /></a>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 15px 15px; margin: 0px auto; background-color: #eaf5e2;">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">
					<tr>
						<td>
						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Looking for Gifts?</b></span><b><br />Browse by category:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-bottom: 3px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a10e5e886d561a087376e7637b7b96a197d7be023a9cd776" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Bestsellers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea747105edeb49ebb5c8f8fb9216615d09874bd15d5e863514e" style="color: #134b65;" >Only @ ThinkGeek</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71025e351b3cfb1aa3ac3bea25d46bb7aa7baff5d7d9c474f" style="color: #134b65;" >Stocking Stuffers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71059598ae69f598f91cdaeb4e424a63814c163bee781124e" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Decor</a><br />
						
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f4087dfa097b638f7d46d371a3e1221b841475db31c0efd7" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Him</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea704bb3213a9fd8d6d3ebf6e968e67da1a4f46b44173a4d1a2" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Her</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea711aa38a4e69339ec6b95146c4347f7b9f88e8f5444f7a693" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Kids</a>
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7485c7674c78815535cf5f739ce09d4529800e52a929622d1" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $10</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea794e12e5c02bb9688f8b576731e4ab6b54597e1fc52d42542" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $20</a><br />
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Need help?</b></span><br /><b>Monkeys are standing by 24/7:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea708a84160fd025ddd1a1386553796360dc6544b658a7a9a75" style="color: #134b65;" >Customer Service</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c9141d43e3273b22d8a5ebc423dba9830b4b31b340f702a5" style="color: #134b65;" >Returns</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7ec15e02fabe35f55f546058fd41996280f3832ad48a89c05" style="color: #134b65;" >Shipping Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea78c9817d2c98bdbb1479706c945127de2bf09b89ae9f33e41" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7875ba5326f5fedcc4759096383c1c9df459f46cd5a54af05" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Certificates</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7a62082f008a7be4737a058f78eeb212b5dc99aee8382a36a" style="color: #134b65;" >Wish Lists</a>
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Find us on:</b></span><br /><b>If you need us, we're here!</b><br /><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea73ce3ecb855d260f3203a6271b13dedee79b43019cbde3b5c" style="color: #134b65;"  >Facebook</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea71e1c1c822ba8c516854894d2400f22c13ccd10280ab1e456" style="color: #134b65;" >Twitter</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72a18e1de1f42ad4e910cae9d9caef4ec25587ed27fd8efe0" style="color: #134b65;" >Google+</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea738dff8fd1f48fb27449134ebee3f61d3dad38b080b33f44a" style="color: #134b65;" >Pinterest</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea746aa46defcb7b0c1f42d67654017fc1dd57c1096c06db773" style="color: #134b65;" >Instagram</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea70b8147108d8497e914b014594f36daa81b12c788d7c3a8d2" style="color: #134b65;"  >YouTube</a></p>
						</li>
						</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>									
				</td>			
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
				<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;"><em>*Some exclusions apply. See product pages for details.</em></p>
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea712c1f06781e6122ad10ad5ecb74e65f556b08a8cc826fecf"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea72d5e3925c4bcbb4ba45aab7518731f417f4d5678403c892c" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7e7dac1a76bed427a223ba5b6d81d2c525393f2b5f3e0a25d"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7f6b88955af4cbd9917886d91ded9337b16e4bcdfcfe53295"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7b356e769bfe349efb598548f338a80284033d28da1fd9984"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea7c76cde35a6046830b87d5a3b41baf054ef5866af945d864b"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea70a29fa07c84c04ae0b7d38ab983b47dfadffe980cd4faba7"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=50b3a1a9aae7fea758d9872a9ef4b75be69ee7a10256ba88096c5a0886084881" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--aZpQJnNRuP1O=_?:--

