Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.80.68 with SMTP id p4csp572932ldx;
        Tue, 18 Nov 2014 09:11:26 -0800 (PST)
X-Received: by 10.42.96.198 with SMTP id k6mr35018738icn.7.1416330685485;
        Tue, 18 Nov 2014 09:11:25 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67707504-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta2.email.thinkgeek.com (mta2.email.thinkgeek.com. [68.232.197.130])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id u11si18793209igd.10.2014.11.18.09.11.24
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Tue, 18 Nov 2014 09:11:25 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67707504-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) client-ip=68.232.197.130;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67707504-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67707504-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com;
       dkim=pass header.i=@email.thinkgeek.com
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 h=From:To:Subject:Date:List-Unsubscribe:MIME-Version:Reply-To:Message-ID:Content-Type; i=overlords@email.thinkgeek.com;
 bh=tYkjKzF4cfSUcGoY0XMIiXy5icI=;
 b=mdVQ4TkKGepDMaq/kjBoWW9qOktbmeZcb578mnLIEpJ2CB8kAH1cVel2LT5dnayQC5wXGmOMgUrx
   j/A+T0gbk1TfdzGIKhkU9LcGZxjJdTrOvtv3DCaSOHZyV0O/eR0ipXhK0GNfJ1bPcpl76aSzbtTN
   eFFHHgJ+6KDfaS79Jpw=
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; q=dns; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 b=IUSUDxpFHtKwuk7fcaJc+JcJ8Yc2ZicD9Ld3WjyJ8yUG75u5j/r3/68EVzX3UgpdLegtolXbNCUg
   Q/d54C115U9ws+KkFYPVA6GA2mr9SIzFcslHpY/cP+J7Xmp6CjkRni29GsNG/mKpmlCU/g6FZz6D
   cJqrFZZAOhzW369Ogfk=;
Received: by mta2.email.thinkgeek.com id hddurq163hs7 for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Tue, 18 Nov 2014 10:54:40 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67707504-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: Curious, very curious... 25% off your order + our newest useless box!
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 10:54:38 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe5b1277726403787510-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe5b1277726403787510-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_67707504
Message-ID: <ceed2b55-4248-4f64-82f9-c4d01dd5fa40@xtinmta488.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="p7hQaw0ZBpRj=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--p7hQaw0ZBpRj=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Welcome to Tuesday

It's Tuesday again, and you know what that means: a bunch of us
are calling in sick to play the video games that came out today,
and we hope you can, too. Of course, for some ThinkGeek employees
it'll just be an extension of last week's Warlords of DraeNorwalk
virus, which had a bit longer incubation period than anyone was
expecting. We're most excited about <em>Dragon Age
Inquisition</em> but there are more than a few of us here who are
fans of the Far Cry series, and even a few GTA folks. So, yeah.
It's kind of a miracle that you're even reading this message. We
have a lot of new loot. When you take a break from gaming, check
out the below.

Captain Jules's Useless Box #####################################

A curious curiosity

Captain Jules searches the globe for the best things. He found
this Useless Box on top of a very high mountain. This
simple-looking, wood box (with real brass accents) has a switch
on top. It's off, so you know what you must do. You turn it on,
hear the gears whirr, and then the most unexpected thing happens:
a little "finger" pops out and turns the box back off. And guess
what? That's all Captain Jules's Useless Box does. You turn it
on, so it can turn itself off. Sometimes it seems playful;
sometimes it seems angry you woke it. But every time, it will
make you smile. Captain Jules work here is done... for now.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bddb11c9390966a22ed0603170d28425cb739f9109e0b2198


25% off $50+ ####################################################

Let's take a moment to celebrate Benoit Mandelbrot, who coined
the term, "fractal." He would have turned 90 on Nov. 20th. We
never knew math could be so baroque, and you shouldn't go b-roke
this season. Take 25% off all orders $50+ with code FRACTAL until
11:59pm PT 11/20/14. 

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5fb8708a98fe793c77af0b2c5b91d35e27c49c262e32e176

Plus, flat-rate U.S. shipping starting at just $6.95!


What's New(s)! ##################################################

Cyber Monday $1,000 Shopping Spree - Gift giving FTW!

Can't decide on who's been naughty or nice this year? Now, you
don't have to! Give ALL the gifts this holiday season after you
win our Cyber Monday $1,000 shopping spree. Just enter your
details on our form and we'll announce a winner on Monday, 12/1.
That $1,000 will get you tons of geeky toys, apparel, and gadgets
for friends and family... or $1,000 worth of goodies just for
you. Expert Mode: If we receive over 10,000 entries, another
$1,000 winner will be selected! The entry period closes at
11:59pm ET on 11/28, so be sure to enter today!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b00dd9b7e33ceb6a67d783ed4a07dca2efd8e3e9dd1d186b7


ThinkGeek Holiday Meh 2014 - Free with $30+ purchase!

This year's holiday shirt is perfect for folks who are just not
feeling it. Our "pepper-meh-tee" shirt lets those around you know
that you're not in the festive spirit and perhaps they would be
safer keeping their jolly to themselves. Maybe you got another
fruitcake/doorstop. Or maybe you already know you're on the
naughty list. Whatever the reason, express your ennui with this
shirt, which is free with $30+ purchase when you put it in your
cart and enter code <strong>STRIPED</strong> at checkout. Offer
good while supplies last. So hurry. Or, you know, don't.
Whatever.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b240c4988014a1808536e07c10d6d2330bc864f6a421f0ad7


Death Star Bluetooth Speaker - Bad that's-no-moon rising

Meet the iHome Death Star Bluetooth Speaker. When you're not
using it, it's a lovely c. 4 1/2" diameter Death Star on an
acrylic stand. When you are using it, it's a wireless speaker
with one-touch connectivity to your Bluetooth device. Oh, and did
we mention it also lights up? Yup. It can also play music from
devices with a standard 3.5mm audio out jack (if it has a
standard headphone jack, you're good). Unfortunately, the model
we got does not include Concave Dish Composite Beam Superlaser,
but you know, them's the breaks. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbc84bd6aed6c62590dc025ddeb6bd60837a0c104389e4e1c


Han Solo in Carbonite Shower Curtain - We like him where he is

Han Solo likes to do everything by himself. It's in his name and
in his nature. So it's only fitting, then, that we celebrate a
room where one is normally alone with his image. And that room
is: the bathroom! Now your bathroom can look a little more like
Jabba's palace (without all the giant robot spider monks) with
this Han Solo in Carbonite Shower Curtain. It's like having Han
in your bathroom without the risk of him seeing you nekkid.
Because even if Han Solo did thaw out, he'd still have a touch of
Hibernation sickness (i.e. temporary blindness), which would give
you just enough time to get some clothes on. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b101d1ca8609412e4f0012691dcfeccb28ca11a35901dede8


Chewbacca Rugs - Fur on the floor

We imagine that Boba Fett has a "Fett Cave" at home. It's a
special room where his big screen TV hangs, and it's decorated
with all sorts of trophies and mementos from his various jobs.
And if he had his way, his floors would be covered in Wookiee
pelts, specifically Chewbacca's. Well, at least now he can
pretend, and so can you. These Chewbacca rugs feature 100%
synthetic Wookiee fur with a bandolier running diagonally across
them. And, they come in two different sizes, so you can use the
big one in your "Fett Cave" and the smaller one to make Slave I a
little cozier. Just don't let Chewie see them; he'll rip your
arms off.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be88b401f2a2cc5ebb5279b787138af621ee55bc5a6509533


2015 Despair Calendar - "Holidays" submitted by ThinkGeek fans -
YOU! 

Once again, ThinkGeek teams up with the hilarious demotivators
over at Despair, Inc. to produce our very own custom calendar,
perfect for the jaded geek in all of us. Demotivator artwork for
every month reminds you that you're not special, while geeky
dates and factoids (suggested by YOU, our fans) help you feel at
least a little smarter. No matter what kind of geek you are, this
calendar is for you. Feel the jaded, yet loving embrace of your
ThinkGeek Despair, Inc calendar as it reminds you that you're not
alone in thinking that you're surrounded by idiots. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbbb32aee245b87a5f701bdb41aef89b3457b475de5eb8ac2


Epic Flooring Options - Call ThinkGeeeeeek today

Are you ready to give your floors a new look but not quite ready
to commit to new flooring? Take your rooms from mundane to
fantastic with one of our new rugs: the Critical Hit d20 Rug, the
Legendary Dragon Rug, or the Magical Unicorn Rug. Made from
polyester pile, these rugs are perfect to have underfoot in your
castle. Your home is your castle, right? Well, it'll be even more
castle once you add one of these. A ThinkGeek exclusive!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba3f4b8337d36e623ad05f18b74d4ea703dc13a919bc3f776
desc/0/100


Mega Man Collectible Enamel Pin Sets - Rockman wearable art

Mega Man was a big part of our childhood. We emulated him as best
we could, always making sure to fire our real Mega Buster with
our upstage arm. Now it's time to relive some of our favorite
characters by wearing them! As pins! If you like the original
game, then the 8-Bit set is for you. If you like the characters,
but want them a little more animated, grab the Anime set. Or get
them both and be the mega-est Mega Man fan in town. These pins
look great wherever you display them: on your wall, on your
clothes, or on the lanyard of your next Con ID badge. Mega
awesome!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bed9c094df9ef95a3459906d7ad5fdb326bac479a756bfdd8


Firefly Serenity Flash Drive - 8GB of shiny

The Serenity is a pretty bucket of bolts, and we sure love
carrying around this metal replica. But you know what's even
better? Press the top of the ship, and a USB drive pops out the
back. Use it to hold all your important data, your ship's crew
reviews, and what cargo you're carrying (and what cargo you don't
want people to know you're carrying). Also, it's a great place to
keep your Firefly fanfic. Or, just fly it around making space
noises. The Firefly Serenity Flash drive - watch us store... our
data. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1b44c66dc1572e3e04dbda2060f03b4a3dfd398b3816fd62


Two new W.A.T.C.H.E.S. from S.H.I.E.L.D. - Official gear

Welcome to S.H.I.E.L.D. ladies and gentlemen. Upon exiting, you
will be taken through the gift shop. There you can purchase such
memorable things as the S.H.I.E.L.D. Watch. It's silver and
fashionable and features the S.H.I.E.L.D. logo on its face.
Pssst. Come over here. Nick Fury has been watching you. He thinks
you're skilled enough to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent instead of just
a visitor. For you, he recommends the covert styling of the
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Watches. They come in two styles:
dress and field (dress has a metal band and field has a silicone
band). These watches are just for agents, so you'll be in the
elite of the S.H.I.E.L.D. elite if you wear one. We think you're
ready.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb545e55340111af0a9c9e9c193621dc52195d3f7b3275ad8
100


New Doctor Who Tableware - It's time for a party

The table is set for the perfect Doctor Who dinner party. Our
Doctor Who TARDIS Tablecloth is out, ready to protect our
tabletops with its timey-wimey, fabricy-wabricy goodness (that
was hard to type). On top, we've placed our Doctor Who Melamine
Square Plate Set. They look like the TARDIS, too. Ok, so all we
need now is the food. Oh no, we forgot to put it in the oven!
Don't worry, we'll just do a little vworp vworp vworping, pop
back in time, put the food in the oven, and return to right now.
Then, the perfect Doctor Who dinner party will actually have some
dinner. Time to party; be right back!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b51b179f31fdd1cfdbe3938abc205a617a9ed85b5d2d531f2


Earth Spinning Globe - 'Round and 'round it goes	

And if our planet ever suddenly stopped, we wouldn't actually go
flying off it (but we would slide across it at about 1000 mph).
This Earth Spinning Globe goes 'round and 'round, too. Also, just
like the real Earth, the Earth Spinning Globe is powered by
low-light solar cells and surrounded by an acrylic sphere! But
seriously, the Earth Spinning Globe is gorgeous. When it gets a
little juice from the sun, it will begin to slowly and
meditatively turn. Place it on the acrylic stand and you won't
get any work done as you stare into its out-of-this-world (but
just barely), kinetic beauty. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bfcc13aed58f88894d949fb619ea6d4099db01f7dd0cd6e25


Star Wars Imperial Handbook Deluxe Edition - With lights and
sounds

Written by actual Imperial Officers, the Imperial Handbook is THE
guide for newly-promoted Imperial Commanders. Full of Imperial
battle tactics, mission reports, equipment supply chains, and
more, the Imperial Handbook shows how all these puzzle pieces fit
into the Emperor's plan for galactic domination. Following the
Battle of Endor, this copy fell into the hands of the Rebel
Alliance (just look for the notes in the margins from Princess
Leia, General Madine, Han Solo, and Luke Skywalker). Plus, we
can't forget the epic presentation case with lights and sounds
and moving doors and stuff. Get this Imperial Handbook Deluxe
Edition today and there might be an Imperial Military medal in
your future!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4b5ad70fb9344e35457fe0f7837f33b04d98c8b6cf2b277b


Star Trek Bag Collection - Be ready for anything the universe
throws at you

Space: the final frontier. With this collection at your side, you
can explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new
civilizations and boldly go where no bag has gone before. The
metaphor works on multiple levels, too, since these bags have
plenty of <em>space</em> inside for exploration. All joking
aside, there's one of these that fits your lifestyle, from
wallets on the smaller end to the large messenger bag and
backpack. Whatever your preferred method is of gathering your
stuff? If you're a fan of Star Trek, this line pretty much has
you covered. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b30c8c2f52a236b651f2c0f8a1e7d56936f83c4477120f7ca


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3de71cc694e921f11b2ce553c79028e92e71802a46796df2

Game of Thrones Ornament
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb0fcf157f5a3c6cdd0f161f9a9864a0c0e76a1bfa7be425d

Lil Bub 2015 Calender
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb18deb866ca6c1a38d9c573d5e3e7aff82ba01f752fab1c9

Mario 2015 Calender
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b54974927315bb16bb381c1a5de681ed653d8e7549139efdd

Zelda 2015 Calender
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b99dbf7f4e716570ad0e8249382c6c6d184510bfdb7cfa6f1

Metal Earth Apollo Lunar Lander
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1d37d6ad2c3cfa41b29206aa1d927eea21b1afae0a79a285

Bismuth Crystal
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5a0ff82663b9d5304d09b327696f1f6dec6017a0a0f6a22d

Jurassic Ammonite Fossil
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b805316127e29904ca45ed6c68121992729150b5c7eeb8242

Poppy - 3D Creator & Viewer For iPhone
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b63e7d670b592c085517b214a1728b5d73d57d6236017a4fa

DC Heroes & Villains Blind Box Collection
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b56941943ae6f7d2c0c432d76a49e2e51c1d7be10f3c3efbb

Zombie Bookends
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9838f213f5ad4f202327ecab07c3001c528d0d405add98c5

WiPry-Pro: iOS 2.4 GHz Spectrum Analyzer
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bde1d03b37e5ed02c9f4c2133e364a88821898582a82cd8ca

Pen-Ultimate 5-in-1 Geek Pen & Stylus
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bed67c27778dd15ae871aa18dc83a5c5052f399309ff6381e

Doctor Who 16 oz Set of 4 Pint Glass Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b78f785868a324681e8f98c32a839e1b9c819d90f48dbd385

Munchkin Panic
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc4cac6b902a25c80d9f555be0c7a05a34ade058d1e2212cf

Attack on Titan Beginnings Collection
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7c4810846de7e8b7377298d7d9c0c1ffa12241cbe4786fdb

DC Voodoo Doll Keychains 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd0716f2827c77b97a7224924e9a455da252de79099da80c0

Marvel Voodoo Doll Keychains 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb91f43ad5a1dacab6272e41ddde962bbc73bfca8a515b9ff

New Apparel! ####################################################

Haynes Guide to Dalek
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3fa4f98a5993dde8003084f3019828fd6770f5365387d17f

Haynes Guide to Serenity
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba540ac9ee284bd83ad332abaefa3c4442df64a14000f7528

Don't Mess With a Princess Yoga Pants
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5b9b5de7f73934ff8595115300045c26fa81e161fca1b114

Yoda Yoga Pants
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b08362791d243bd088a38a7beb95d499a760a4a8157e68d6a

Darth Star Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8637d0aca78dab636f33e9b6af318c8107967b5aa2a3b392

Deadpool Fleece Robe
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b41b320421db6bb434f6f03e5bceac69db6d9fd293ca98fea

Mystique Noveau Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b075521e2d8c800b75f433062ac1f5037b0e041aa2b089898

Dark Phoenix Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bfd4a0a33b3ca6543026c38ad2b1463d9b70ea64b992d9045

Venom Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bfe2f207df8a4b8770b7e5a1c705710fcbcbdbe54dad4aec2

Dark Phoenix Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1da2ecf2c6cb909ad281ed989d8fb434ad879c0a112eabcb

Harley Quinn Ladies' Pajama Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b838a07d90e83a17f848a1f3563b7d8bae1e90dc1225a6676

Harley Quinn Panties 3-Pack
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b18993f2efd67737e512bfe0d503b94345ef269cd67b284b4

Captain Marvel Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4b5d91b9baf12e01f139cdc3c2700bf7bc0faa3c85306533

Classic Miss Marvel Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4fc38f4e652bf700c659bbe59172f30254791657bdc04917

The Impossible Girl Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be9ff74df15f787c2712dd0e66911ffeebfed2324e2a9b444

10th Doctor Lounger
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb28ec94bca17407dd4fa3b0c1c27e0054d0bc4ca86fb6216

Rebel Alliance Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0765a1ec663d02cd33bc2847d167914049631d451cb45a4b

Imperial Guard Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b55d5280e49287ec082c78da3754ee2052793a4789e477d3c

Exclusive Star Wars Death Star Polo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5dc44dc942eee7f476db9f9ff92c82a0abaa9aec5eea4c5f

Exclusive Jedi Got Run Over By A Reindeer Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb7c51b84452fa9c243e9dabfa20a88e51c47175057e1146c

Exclusive Nova Squadron
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9cbbdee988fad5a065eafdb0e26eb5e356b05cc3a87b9aa4

Starfleet Academy Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1bfeee6cd8e4184649b875583017ee0eebe40e7ccca96459

Set Phasers To Stun Ladies' Dolman
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb91ce08bee6b9ad19a440ae8697a193c1204cd0b832a12bf

Exclusive Constantine
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b2c8012f115915abcd762f9de6653ad718a0291e30801319a

Web Exclusive Periodic Transformers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b591b2ecedb56f07ea4da9f25dfb5e3efd4ed3607aa414249

COBRA Logo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bed3b2d00ebf1a9263c7b0257133460c4ce10a7c2fed614fc

TMNT NYC Ladies' RaglanTee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bdfd967ef61996d5f929c0dbef3d14f3e3e4b38418177b171

Under the Sea Leggings
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b14d2bcf62a6a28abc14013529a3061702db5e73f6fb17933

Secret Santa Gifts! #############################################

Das Can-in-Stein
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd576a86992144e4043d813f180ee157215142c823d59bffa

Game Of Thrones Dragon Egg Flash Drive
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b713f3ce89131eec0ebdb53d1d5e6ba2a831149f4484ea273

Dark Roast Dragon Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4d1010f573799104e9e29dbedce5830082835435eca7959e

Chocolate Zombie Santa
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b123f3429201deaf80db31956953177cc5d508f0e468c4daa

S'mores USB Heated Plush Slippers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3c5c82d1d9f0bfc77ea0fcb577952767b915d3eb03d082d5

Boogie Board LCD Tablet
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf08ed2037c7fb9b1d609fd66522fce885c1760ff00482d23

Marshmallow Shooter
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4beff949bd26254f7d4bff1595e51502f9901040674a7cdb02

Smart Mass Thinking Putty
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bcef8bf87bf83247c800f19d36c358d0a411f61506fd7658b

Magical Unicorn Drinking Horn
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b52d74edc9f7435b31c0be6fd152ba8c461e12684bcdf85f2

Book of Secrets
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb78181eb65b39491fe40d2e7e9f327ad7f83c64fc714c986

Beer Soap
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf24864524128852096623d947d4056ca6ca741693d3ab70f

Boss Monster Card Game
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba41b6ececdc5bd7367428bf1a38ed350c7005aecd493b06f

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

3D Deco Wall Light Butterfly - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bed537879280a9e8d7e30f145e3bd7eb8188a2ae51c1e592d

Become a Laird (Lord) or Lady Gift Box - 33% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bdab9b53976215cb1905b6c52dad8dc3c2891ab0e1c8c0a66

Exclusive Team Fortress 2 Chess Set - 60% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bfcf9d459e5e5c515d9df6b9e85806d9350a9058bc05b0a97

Geigerrig 1600 Hydration Engine Backpack - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbb4d7aa2ec25968e3226c23f16388fbf043e048a3704de45

Deluxe Doctor Who River Song's TARDIS Journal - 44% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5390be9a53594d3a260c7fd7abd2c7e2e1074d02e7e0ab45

Nanodots GYRO DUO: Magnetically Gyroscopic Balls - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba51e5f40fae9e58ae5985620f14376e977bfb73a382b04bb

Star Trek Tribble Slippers with Sound - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3a80acae18aafa91d9bed4f1571f5ecb8a2b1404e1fcbc5f

World of Minecraft - 75% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf15d34173add0009543c435e641c3af01a451bedc0cf6f85

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Set phasers to stunning

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba6af6507ceb5992b396356aee2269207513645120fb6d78d

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b591e4136d83f43ad14e4d64611c1c7243642f8856cf954de

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Sharon from San
Francisco, CA! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Lucas in
Love":

Hopes burnt up in flames.
Should stop looking for love in
Alderaan places.

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd22d095828aebf54c8698d26912f3411a59fc2d98671ce82

Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b71f470d903b7121400a154a46eec3f965b4f806274df0b77

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b80a21af813f30e995008c48dd64714c8fe20928b321beeea

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b187fba45590ac380051dd6e8f11d4a223392da769508a02f

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be55135bdd3cc3a8ee74eb75bdd93ecc89f1b184a60930bd5

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6bf4ebc20cc05c36d14af3de781fad5da9615fe528b7deec

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b423dcd9f74482fcfbffbbfe2265e8d51af8955e62e971a05

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5467ce53d2b032b0938bafe036312df785fa6656199af276

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b89ae66634c3de05b7f742d1e8edeb6e1acdc90f8896cd42d

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b94e1b6d8f44c3c02f95ecd33aaad75209acb90d5de4070cc

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bac5ce66ff7db11d01de38d8cc8265656bdcdcb57318c38b0

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b847e54541ca94e729ea1a245f98360e6d11d9f70534c2122

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0d2279aa346404775443c6c6d68316eaeb7ccee6a62c4b0b

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bad9ab6697badafafdb6a6692f536251a6d986aeecb566641

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf7580abb7a1a004fa4130703f38f1b28ab55a7f47a7d0c14

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b722d11ac1bbada70639a925481e7cd998bdcfdd06e68d6cc *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b63a06e51fdfa3b1663d69e9078bc73ec9109265eaa3eca27

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5467ce53d2b032b0938bafe036312df785fa6656199af276 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--p7hQaw0ZBpRj=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe5b1277726403787510-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10039" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 320px !important; height: 60px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 500px !important; height: 70px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Hurry! Use FRACTAL until 11:59pm PT 11/20.</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b27ec5876ba1b6410ad3eba9bb9161c408038ee91168e9cf1" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b27ec5876ba1b6410ad3eba9bb9161c408038ee91168e9cf1" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba345d1698a9c73dd65934d5bce461899417837a06779fd40" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2014-holidaytimmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc053589d2a656e35792838d2f2bd469a0feecb04d372455d" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7a44a98cc820ef187f879c25822a549dd1af7d68e2972b68" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b78e317cc0d3b87f9a8e2ad27061c27d5dd66a0e532708f60" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b30ab0242d3faf08c539b26ad5b62e80a219e0dec5d6f6c4e" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#96141a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b29b2ae87d10f1ed4d6e17d6bfb4c7faa7d4d0bd92dfbc28c" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GIFT CENTER</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba5e0a4e5410717e3efbd006b6e56a26a583fe74a44617ac6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-captjules.gif" width="575" border="0" alt="Captain Jules's Useless Box" title="A curious curiosity" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 5px 0px;" /></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bccef05169a6680afeb819295a527b44837027d8ef90e1296" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-25off50.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="25% off $50+" title=" Take 25% off all orders $50+ with code FRACTAL until 11:59pm PT 11/20/14." class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Welcome to Tuesday</h3>
				<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">It's Tuesday again, and you know what that means: a bunch of us are calling in sick to play the video games that came out today, and we hope you can, too. Of course, for some ThinkGeek employees it'll just be an extension of last week's Warlords of DraeNorwalk virus, which had a bit longer incubation period than anyone was expecting. We're most excited about <em>Dragon Age Inquisition
</em> but there are more than a few of us here who are fans of the Far Cry series, and even a few GTA folks. So, yeah. It's kind of a miracle that you're even reading this message. We have a lot of new loot. When you take a break from gaming, check out the below.</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bca94eabd3062e89dc74bb1d8f51630165b86ebbeeb2dd59f" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Cyber Monday $1,000 Shopping Spree - Gift giving FTW!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9dfbf58bc0c1b16630437f88419b3545ae14214a604d0f8d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-shoppingspree.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Cyber Monday $1,000 Shopping Spree - Gift giving FTW!" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Can't decide on who's been naughty or nice this year? Now, you don't have to! Give ALL the gifts this holiday season after you win our Cyber Monday $1,000 shopping spree. Just enter your details on our form and we'll announce a winner on Monday, 12/1. That $1,000 will get you tons of geeky toys, apparel, and gadgets for friends and family... or $1,000 worth of goodies just for you. Expert Mode: If we receive over 10,000 entries, another $1,000 winner will be selected! The entry period closes at 11:59pm ET on 11/28, so be sure to enter today!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b03eddb09a5df5c3693846f140ba6a7e650938f58ef2fe104" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >ThinkGeek Holiday Meh 2014 - Free with $30+ purchase!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bfe6b2ea8cb628a22c569977206319ac28986b1ac2ab8397b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/htmv_holiday_2014_meh_tee_mb.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see ThinkGeek Holiday Meh 2014 - Free with $30+ purchase!" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">This year's holiday shirt is perfect for folks who are just not feeling it. Our "pepper-meh-tee" shirt lets those around you know that you're not in the festive spirit and perhaps they would be safer keeping their jolly to themselves. Maybe you got another fruitcake/doorstop. Or maybe you already know you're on the naughty list. Whatever the reason, express your ennui with this shirt, which is free with $30+ purchase when you put it in your cart and enter code <strong>STRIPED</strong> at checkout. Offer good while supplies last. So hurry. Or, you know, don't. Whatever.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc60409127c4a3717c9e71068f95dc30b269d8659182e58b7" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Death Star Bluetooth Speaker - Bad that's-no-moon rising</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba4496f17757f3d22d3a5ebe125a828edba70e60d5997d059" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hssk_death_star_bt_speaker.gif" alt="If your images were on you'd see Death Star Bluetooth Speaker - Bad that's-no-moon rising" width="130" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Meet the iHome Death Star Bluetooth Speaker. When you're not using it, it's a lovely c. 4 1/2" diameter Death Star on an acrylic stand. When you are using it, it's a wireless speaker with one-touch connectivity to your Bluetooth device. Oh, and did we mention it also lights up? Yup. It can also play music from devices with a standard 3.5mm audio out jack (if it has a standard headphone jack, you're good). Unfortunately, the model we got does not include Concave Dish Composite Beam Superlaser, but you know, them's the breaks.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b32beb80c013e9e28df0209073b1f3e7338a4410bc7e3bbe2" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Han Solo in Carbonite Shower Curtain - We like him where he is</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b60725c312ce70c6c2bc00da99b4531adb0a9e98c48a0c2c3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1bfb_han_solo_carbonite_shower_curtain.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Han Solo in Carbonite Shower Curtain - We like him where he is" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Han Solo likes to do everything by himself. It's in his name and in his nature. So it's only fitting, then, that we celebrate a room where one is normally alone with his image. And that room is: the bathroom! Now your bathroom can look a little more like Jabba's palace (without all the giant robot spider monks) with this Han Solo in Carbonite Shower Curtain. It's like having Han in your bathroom without the risk of him seeing you nekkid. Because even if Han Solo did thaw out, he'd still have a touch of Hibernation sickness (i.e. temporary blindness), which would give you just enough time to get some clothes
 on.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0ac46da37aaaaacb7aa09084b91172a301882f06b9c46dc9" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Chewbacca Rugs - Fur on the floor</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1ea9e5d63263e4921d9d890c28a0a749baa0675e1005ce25" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/19fc_chewbacca_rug.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Chewbacca Rugs - Fur on the floor" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">We imagine that Boba Fett has a "Fett Cave" at home. It's a special room where his big screen TV hangs, and it's decorated with all sorts of trophies and mementos from his various jobs. And if he had his way, his floors would be covered in Wookiee pelts, specifically Chewbacca's. Well, at least now he can pretend, and so can you. These Chewbacca rugs feature 100% synthetic Wookiee fur with a bandolier running diagonally across them. And, they come in two different sizes, so you can use the big one in your "Fett Cave" and the smaller one to make Slave I a little cozier. Just don't let Chewie see them; he'll rip
 your arms off.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b369b6cae4a757a9ae7440d5ab0f4d1261a31d207e9defbb7" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >2015 Despair Calendar - "Holidays" submitted by ThinkGeek fans - YOU!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b40bc74b597769db982493e41002c8b94e3ec10179cb7d20a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hsio_2015_despair_calendar.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see 2015 Despair Calendar - Holidays submitted by ThinkGeek fans - YOU!" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Once again, ThinkGeek teams up with the hilarious demotivators over at Despair, Inc. to produce our very own custom calendar, perfect for the jaded geek in all of us. Demotivator artwork for every month reminds you that you're not special, while geeky dates and factoids (suggested by YOU, our fans) help you feel at least a little smarter. No matter what kind of geek you are, this calendar is for you. Feel the jaded, yet loving embrace of your ThinkGeek Despair, Inc calendar as it reminds you that you're not alone in thinking that you're surrounded by idiots.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7c97f02c2643d1e7340853c61b2226992a17cae9169fc531" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Epic Flooring Options - Call ThinkGeeeeeek today</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b22fd606bc51484bac915b89bf6abc58c364c534fbaaec45f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-14-rugs.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Epic Flooring Options - Call ThinkGeeeeeek today" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Are you ready to give your floors a new look but not quite ready to commit to new flooring? Take your rooms from mundane to fantastic with one of our new rugs: the Critical Hit d20 Rug, the Legendary Dragon Rug, or the Magical Unicorn Rug. Made from polyester pile, these rugs are perfect to have underfoot in your castle. Your home is your castle, right? Well, it'll be even more castle once you add one of these. A ThinkGeek exclusive!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0e7cbd35d861f84864a3d12cd4a4a1af3f0681b2c21b9318" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Mega Man Collectible Enamel Pin Sets - Rockman wearable art</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc7c8b7a56cc009dbd5b5db7d5725769304f1711a16955d4f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/216e_mega_man_enamel_pin_set.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Mega Man Collectible Enamel Pin Sets - Rockman wearable art" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Mega Man was a big part of our childhood. We emulated him as best we could, always making sure to fire our real Mega Buster with our upstage arm. Now it's time to relive some of our favorite characters by wearing them! As pins! If you like the original game, then the 8-Bit set is for you. If you like the characters, but want them a little more animated, grab the Anime set. Or get them both and be the mega-est Mega Man fan in town. These pins look great wherever you display them: on your wall, on your clothes, or on the lanyard of your next Con ID badge. Mega awesome!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb8a8586dbdb5689d597280603119f0ddf8a25cf771f97c4d" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Firefly Serenity Flash Drive - 8GB of shiny</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0f2746e131719112c8b543220ff8c3633d631691a90c4df6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/2020_firefly_serenity_flash_drive.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Firefly Serenity Flash Drive - 8GB of shiny" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The Serenity is a pretty bucket of bolts, and we sure love carrying around this metal replica. But you know what's even better? Press the top of the ship, and a USB drive pops out the back. Use it to hold all your important data, your ship's crew reviews, and what cargo you're carrying (and what cargo you don't want people to know you're carrying). Also, it's a great place to keep your Firefly fanfic. Or, just fly it around making space noises. The Firefly Serenity Flash drive - watch us store... our data.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b531f6cea760281fc7f92eb4e3ca1a4d7d20fed0e26c57be3" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Two new W.A.T.C.H.E.S. from S.H.I.E.L.D. - Official gear</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4baee4dd19771455c09c0d456f24de6671a30fc05c2185eee0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-watches.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Two new W.A.T.C.H.E.S. from S.H.I.E.L.D. - Official gear" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Welcome to S.H.I.E.L.D. ladies and gentlemen. Upon exiting, you will be taken through the gift shop. There you can purchase such memorable things as the S.H.I.E.L.D. Watch. It's silver and fashionable and features the S.H.I.E.L.D. logo on its face. Pssst. Come over here. Nick Fury has been watching you. He thinks you're skilled enough to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent instead of just a visitor. For you, he recommends the covert styling of the Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Watches. They come in two styles: dress and field (dress has a metal band and field has a silicone band). These watches are just for agents, so
 you'll be in the elite of the S.H.I.E.L.D. elite if you wear one. We think you're ready.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc17b8088e5128eb0f7347dc69a1886825edb90a8b92be73b" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Doctor Who Tableware - It's time for a party</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7c8881c8ba1e974ef21e77ab78d4b4fbcbb812b0d59ce3b3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-doctorwho.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Doctor Who Tableware - It's time for a party" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The table is set for the perfect Doctor Who dinner party. Our Doctor Who TARDIS Tablecloth is out, ready to protect our tabletops with its timey-wimey, fabricy-wabricy goodness (that was hard to type). On top, we've placed our Doctor Who Melamine Square Plate Set. They look like the TARDIS, too. Ok, so all we need now is the food. Oh no, we forgot to put it in the oven! Don't worry, we'll just do a little vworp vworp vworping, pop back in time, put the food in the oven, and return to right now. Then, the perfect Doctor Who dinner party will actually have some dinner. Time to party; be right back!							
</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4baa303bff5ef3107b6bb90685ebdd4f324ccda53783e4b0be" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Earth Spinning Globe - 'Round and 'round it goes</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b689c38e07a20944bc01fbf8b2b0a2136437c27dd55123ab9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/htin_earth_spinning_globe.gif" alt="If your images were on you'd see Earth Spinning Globe - 'Round and 'round it goes" width="120" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">And if our planet ever suddenly stopped, we wouldn't actually go flying off it (but we would slide across it at about 1000 mph). This Earth Spinning Globe goes 'round and 'round, too. Also, just like the real Earth, the Earth Spinning Globe is powered by low-light solar cells and surrounded by an acrylic sphere! But seriously, the Earth Spinning Globe is gorgeous. When it gets a little juice from the sun, it will begin to slowly and meditatively turn. Place it on the acrylic stand and you won't get any work done as you stare into its out-of-this-world (but just barely), kinetic beauty.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8d303606466c0be49c7e745db0c1b994cae169dc0133e622" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Wars Imperial Handbook Deluxe Edition - With lights and sounds</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be1efade57f86e9e1ada09bed48a96f3480908b83c189ca22" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/htlp_sw_imperial_handbook_deluxe_edition.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Wars Imperial Handbook Deluxe Edition - With lights and sounds" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Written by actual Imperial Officers, the Imperial Handbook is THE guide for newly-promoted Imperial Commanders. Full of Imperial battle tactics, mission reports, equipment supply chains, and more, the Imperial Handbook shows how all these puzzle pieces fit into the Emperor's plan for galactic domination. Following the Battle of Endor, this copy fell into the hands of the Rebel Alliance (just look for the notes in the margins from Princess Leia, General Madine, Han Solo, and Luke Skywalker). Plus, we can't forget the epic presentation case with lights and sounds and moving doors and stuff. Get this Imperial
 Handbook Deluxe Edition today and there might be an Imperial Military medal in your future!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd22eed0b36a93fa74543178d12c712f88783c24122bb86a0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Trek Bag Collection - Be ready for anything the universe throws at you</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8460da3df0bcdd1c6ae0ce9f6e6d7c832c3d1e33ed4bd18f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-startrek.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Trek Bag Collection - Be ready for anything the universe throws at you" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Space: the final frontier. With this collection at your side, you can explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations and boldly go where no bag has gone before. The metaphor works on multiple levels, too, since these bags have plenty of <em>space</em> inside for exploration. All joking aside, there's one of these that fits your lifestyle, from wallets on the smaller end to the large messenger bag and backpack. Whatever your preferred method is of gathering your stuff? If you're a fan of Star Trek, this line pretty much has you covered.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf8bdb999f9dda5c21a4815eb264784b84603bfacd803df0c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnl_haynes_guide_to_dalek_dd.jpg" alt="Haynes Guide to Dalek" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3bea6bc768eb9b78bc46f1fe726019d913a2eb490b930f6e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Haynes Guide to Dalek</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b471e5083d3c0b1475db3f7135e391d4a1ed054f7270ba50b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnm_haynes_guide_to_serenity_dd.jpg" alt="Haynes Guide to Serenity" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b21db6b5b244a66fe75044ee4e114a49a02f13046c2a5ea7b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Haynes Guide to Serenity</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be7eaaf7d3d8364f30e502e39bd119cd1740b8f5bfb0535e1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20f0_leia_princess_yoga_pants.jpg" alt="Don't Mess With a Princess Yoga Pants" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bcfbdd50fe58d60246e0a123fc0e9110df8d5f2a0aa5f1d37"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Don't Mess With a Princess Yoga Pants</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b23049e9e6bb77408f5766d8639d38c00d893059a2fda6ee6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20f1_yoda_yoga_pants.jpg" alt="Yoda Yoga Pants" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4bed2b02b918fb64c7d652469fb5292fc09ed4e5736e9f08"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Yoda Yoga Pants</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bcdc82db52d5b1e43ee1a0fc3b67f09be9ed9686167f49a3e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2121_darth_star_ladies_tee_dd.jpg " alt="Darth Star Ladies' Tee" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be1c6b26706e096fb772b5718562993df0c59505825c7c074"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Darth Star Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bece1cb11063de1ed97bd07b9c1918b09fbe20e11373cb49d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f96_deadpool_fleece_robe_hood_up.jpg" alt="Deadpool Fleece Robe" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b47535307ad7c260309ccea37dfcfb6211077613515913f55"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Deadpool Fleece Robe</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b519dc1106997862a3cce6e02c1580cc59ab96d826ca40577" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20ca_mystique_nouveau_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Mystique Noveau Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb43edb87b0156a335e655108e15e6b319630e158fd633099"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Mystique Noveau Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5bb9e2c8e82afecc8f429924845c6bc7352bd84ab3cbfee8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2123_dark_phoenix_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Dark Phoenix Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7e06b8234cb65cf814ca441db0b4ea168c971734249e5931"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dark Phoenix Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf088953faa483d94508abb13e2c8d7231641deccec3fb9bb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrmu_venom_ladies_pullover_dd.jpg" alt="Venom Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b19bc5dfd6d89b5c41e72a2b02319bb5fb8dbd9236c2fb1d0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Venom Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b55e7c18dd331f2ca1d780f383d7140c0a352e9fbf39f528e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrmu_dark_phoenix_ladies_pullover_detail.jpg" alt="Dark Phoenix Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be2910d11e335477d52141547b3fc39277ab8f1906cb393dc"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dark Phoenix Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b593030a169f142c671cea42c4b68363fffeeb8d5df42cc97" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cc5_harley_quinn_ladies_pajama_set.jpg" alt="Harley Quinn Ladies' Pajama Set" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b70ea8b71e6a64268aa98462fdabc0f5808d3c9b7f16eba15"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Harley Quinn Ladies' Pajama Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3680ac58a525c3d081be2340926b49198f3f820e14cb55bd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cc6_harley_quinn_panties_3pack.jpg" alt="Harley Quinn Panties 3-Pack" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4a9fb644c77a84ea9b03fb12d56330bf7ce4014c188a29ab"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Harley Quinn Panties 3-Pack</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0086f5b4c0a79a4f5d625f2a9d73ad152b23468ed0a5931e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrng_captain_marvel_ladies_pullover_front_detail.jpg" alt="Captain Marvel Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b28df555a501aa4ad57f6ee3c6d36438721ebbb76935a3cad"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Captain Marvel Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf4d844d62269e4310f198e650cca285edd274de1539b56a7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrnh_miss_marvel_ladies_pullover_front_detail.jpg" alt="Classic Miss Marvel Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b73d489f6d691ecce03a0f245eab3eb01977a294e18a06c62"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Classic Miss Marvel Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb7a6548f1a339ee77a1ce5962377ca713cfb450e8e83c3ea" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hspi_the_impossible_girl_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="The Impossible Girl Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5a64166390cf9914308e1165a11ea0ef2ca5f32b378cc5f9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Impossible Girl Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb9f40be260640adabc91597ababdf021efbe131db0b4cce7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d3d_10_doctor_lounger.jpg" alt="10th Doctor Lounger" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4e027d025a88fae68784a6a8d70224e76e51b15263132e3f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>10th Doctor Lounger</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd24aec5af52048a3d9804aff534eb24b607196086df4db1d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fc2_rebel_alliance_long_sleeve_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Rebel Alliance Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5e131f3c5592951d75676e41da44bdf3ce9707bf0d8969b3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rebel Alliance Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bac057da5d92e22e5e0a6dfdbf8e126fe2ade656ba03a8001" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fc0_imperial_guard_long_sleeve_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Imperial Guard Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b70b691fb80c5ce2af62e43af75e6b3dafe15c0d9bde5fc9c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Imperial Guard Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bae9379c6adf665f31be6d369bf6aaa09655dff391935b510" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fee_exclusive_star_wars_death_star_polo.jpg" alt="Exclusive Star Wars Death Star Polo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be42789ba925cb53a9e0c09138e89b03b6caa293555331fd0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Star Wars Death Star Polo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbc782cefc69d74508a190259362b256e852c106390bccbf4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrm_jedi_run_over_long_sleeve.jpg" alt="Exclusive Jedi Got Run Over By A Reindeer Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b2af4cac6bd2ba6fc6dab38511c04dd08d69f6d9ba65686c9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Jedi Got Run Over By A Reindeer Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b68e9eeaffbb7a032a2d4052eca6c169918897b138fb8f755" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrur_exclusive_nova_squadron_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Nova Squadron" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bedb91e35a8a28fd39348bfbe1f5c54c7884c9275e923bf43"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Nova Squadron</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc60ed2394460a77680b0e24a76f998f43e816c6f3fc27336" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2179_starfleet_academy_long_sleeve_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Starfleet Academy Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc1ac11d39de07e2ed8ff7a77e1d85aa497a56764a9590606"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Starfleet Academy Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8836122e4c1957f87f20ac92cf13adb7eac719197ff00fb5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2087_set_phasers_to_stun_ladies_dolman_dd.jpg" alt="Set Phasers To Stun Ladies' Dolman" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba6f9340a6188df0b9abbbd64449431a2e23905b94ddb95d1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Set Phasers To Stun Ladies' Dolman</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b25dcf32914ad56dbbb67a8dbf3946a8a39cf37a8f3e89b2a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgn_exclusive_constantine_dd.jpg " alt="Exclusive Constantine" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b549188600d9cef9abf60b9b109327bc14effc0e71b5a6c3f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Constantine</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf4a90be1a41b9c7943ece1f118d5d625092e81f33e0fc60e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrpv_web_exclusive_periodic_transformers_dd.jpg" alt="Web Exclusive Periodic Transformers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b465d3a4568259a0289a0247be8b02863a229c87cfeb836ce"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Web Exclusive Periodic Transformers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3d2b795c206b8f3a32df45a00b58abafa5d956fdd1da4c73" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ee5d_cobra_logo_dd.jpg" alt="COBRA Logo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b51c9ef1ef1d01b73fa570b798636017f0497d9680db330f5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>COBRA Logo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf5adc81db581cd64794ca472516fb43f37163da012b922a8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/206e_tmnt_nyc_ladies_raglan_tee_dd.jpg" alt="TMNT NYC Ladies' RaglanTee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7d166184ac0e1dcd04c5023b40e2deaf6d2bda68c3d2feef"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>TMNT NYC Ladies' RaglanTee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf42fdaf2f6c8326285f02ade6c16f991bfcfbc754593b625" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgt_under_the_sea_leggings.jpg" alt="Under the Sea Leggings" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b76197ef8dedc833685db3a8822c1980fc1a38abb0fe72a08"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Under the Sea Leggings</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b209292ecd6cd80708c83547b792c827dea50467e1e0072c9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e01_game_of_thrones_ornament.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones Ornament" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7ebcd0d20a9488afe7037382bc0e26ab5061f61fe6ad2e99"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game of Thrones Ornament</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b230d10ba082bf3918edec9a0bc0ccf858d617236d6ac330e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrtr_lil_bub_2015_wall_cal.jpg " alt="Lil Bub 2015 Calender" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4baac6c5b7665722841119b79114cc6eb655441b0ef04a7cd8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Lil Bub 2015 Calender</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b778020c7157fd96f850107f6bec05e2abdf71f81142e8d76" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrtu_mario_2015_wall_cal.jpg " alt="Mario 2015 Calender" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba74a1e444a902f1d7b8c797ba55490eeafcbc525b319e192"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Mario 2015 Calender</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b362182f3254e6a25e7a6a86018447529dca803a6a8d0c601" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrtv_zelda_2015_wall_cal.jpg " alt="Zelda 2015 Calender" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b2afd97d58370cb8e33a7a73b250599758d61956443a49363"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Zelda 2015 Calender</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7568c392232e7645d416bcc02794a34c990d81b93df1f2c0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsjv_metal_earth_lunar_lander.jpg" alt="Metal Earth Apollo Lunar Lander" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0e5617ed22806b4af4b57f0b6a07a363f605da56f30af1ed"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Metal Earth Apollo Lunar Lander</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba07a00f6d5409a9b930c577109e578eecfd8e1c87dd259ef" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hskv_bismuth_crystal.jpg" alt="Bismuth Crystal" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd751f4fae970d9eb3f05e4fe0e2268160f4a82410f97918a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bismuth Crystal</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9a70218b782cb30894428575587ffb994ae5f25c0970d059" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hskt_jurrasic_ammonite_fossil.jpg" alt="Jurassic Ammonite Fossil" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1c7d760864a419f162fb2445a47f3b8a5379bdcb8c095998"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Jurassic Ammonite Fossil</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b437c47a02cde66c6060d1ebffe90384f3c32a2419fbe216d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsmm_poppy_3d_creator_viewer_iphone.jpg " alt="Poppy - 3D Creator & Viewer For iPhone" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b13ac85cde9667ce05e7116480cec10b0370d7a7c4cb9cdaa"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Poppy - 3D Creator & Viewer For iPhone</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4beaaf57182aea92cf8e85e735dc8d3ed265250f1556dede8f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsir_dc_heroes_villains_blind_box.jpg " alt="DC Heroes & Villains Blind Box Collection" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba66252f4b7411841967771f73340fa93699c296e5e8ccf0b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DC Heroes & Villains Blind Box Collection</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b75314079f47824d8b5a84299f05f8cf31f03628201244106" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgh_zombie_bookends_inuse.jpg " alt="Zombie Bookends" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf632121fa8a8c3bc298b76d2116e0194083ccb2602cbe762"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Zombie Bookends</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd7a7c618f420203a4a5ae4e507673db33637ca7e2e50a017" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hthn_wipry_pro_ios_spectrum_analyzer.jpg" alt="WiPry-Pro: iOS 2.4 GHz Spectrum Analyzer" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1c5470266968ba4e901287ca9e6eb4a770c1e3f8bebe32d2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>WiPry-Pro: iOS 2.4 GHz Spectrum Analyzer</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0625177c2f065f0f133d646b2c9774bfa523a65bdb599bde" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/18de_pen_ultimate_5_in_1_geek_pen.gif" alt="Pen-Ultimate 5-in-1 Geek Pen & Stylus" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8d3ac2337ff8e66feacb35a0fe9b5ac98807875d611b49b3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Pen-Ultimate 5-in-1 Geek Pen & Stylus</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd13404c34807730f3de0cbc7f5732ba47be771c1475bbcd9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsm_dw_16oz_pint_glass_set.jpg " alt="Doctor Who 16 oz Set of 4 Pint Glass Set" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc9a0723210e02c959a4ac008b8810f16bc7561810b79864c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who 16 oz Set of 4 Pint Glass Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7a3b764bbbb83572f7c0a65f628365b3be3879a52f4c2235" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssr_munchkin_panic.jpg " alt="Munchkin Panic" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd67ad36833fd541fb31f1fdf0401eb3a26024d7677457cd0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Munchkin Panic</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bdee03a00a5c6b64aafabbe8644319a1af7c2dbb7fd36cb2a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htgj_attack_on_titan_beginnings_collection.jpg" alt="Attack on Titan Beginnings Collection" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbb2f2779b9e899f7b56dc0a4798b95b79d3e413dd766c1ee"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Attack on Titan Beginnings Collection</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd1deb5a54e23d86e27d2fa39c13e58e2c6148d434e1d5634" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htkh_dc_voodoo_doll_keychains.jpg " alt="DC Voodoo Doll Keychains" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b363995b97c1019e95cfa4c2446d61d4996964b6f4684047d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DC Voodoo Doll Keychains</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b835dab2bb037da6511fb018d9a825f1109e4668d7208a7e8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htki_marvel_voodoo_doll_keychains.jpg" alt="Marvel Voodoo Doll Keychains" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b932921e583c40b73fe4079b1794b48093326170a01442395"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Voodoo Doll Keychains</b></a></p>
					</li>				
					</ul>
					
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Secret Santa? Nailed it.</h3>

						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b554a9f2640451b5b71feb7d1da7adf188d23b829f7b95830" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dcf_german_can-in-stein.jpg" alt="Das Can-in-Stein" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b14416592ff87c2e684b6dcdd7dd479bb9ede2336fa6f2b0b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Das Can-in-Stein</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba5758b77642fb86ad56fd3f278b063b89b7c05a321dadca0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2021_g_o_t_dragon_egg_flash_drive.jpg" alt="Game Of Thrones Dragon Egg Flash Drive" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bda51d482a2e45361c7faf4ec9ace69bab95e80b0f12900ea"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game Of Thrones Dragon Egg Flash Drive</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6f7bfca899e8cf37061f85cdf0697ea5f2b91abb5c92c7df" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d7b_dark_roast_dragon_mug.jpg" alt="Dark Roast Dragon Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b5b15da979c19dcc7705b8b8e2cb8626743b656f68f8fe259"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dark Roast Dragon Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4baf96ec10a926d8afd4de5db104be28b08b0b3b81c68b2078" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/15aa_chocolate_zombie_santa.jpg" alt="Chocolate Zombie Santa" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd21fcb3eab89c8d454dcf7f778ae05334973de6ea41de1f4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Chocolate Zombie Santa</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8c367e852497638bd0ea4ea0b735d06b6aaf4b0c562804ca" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1784_smores_usb_heated_plush_slippers.jpg" alt="S'mores USB Heated Plush Slippers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc0f2422ef4f0dd1c58ab5003b6eb00cf67c2c100e8a5d0c9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>S'mores USB Heated Plush Slippers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6b0046bfbeb64578abae1769bbe1e4a6fb9f7faa9ea4570e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e330_boogie_board_anim.gif" alt="Boogie Board LCD Tablet" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b106e62330db6bd290ada34c5e6c9b4e651bb65517501b46e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Boogie Board LCD Tablet</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b822b9a23ad98bdcf4faef86a396d5de646127e12cc82520a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/753d_marshmallow_shooter.jpg" alt="Marshmallow Shooter" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b698f89f3ee380e63bc01c7d1e61280dcef5c8d70a81bc3b2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marshmallow Shooter</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba74241504828ae1472a680ec9c0a44677901a14da87f9167" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/5ac8_smart_mass_thinking_putty.jpg" alt="Smart Mass Thinking Putty" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba5433155bbfd395eda7c49138f4549a1d8401557df2c3a13"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Smart Mass Thinking Putty</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd74a022e79a6c0286c6e62f12b075de7add0b0fbe245d33c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1b9d_unicorn_drinking_horn.jpg" alt="Magical Unicorn Drinking Horn" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc8ce4b3a1ee0d281e74b20ae46d8d499b00b3a32d6dbe0f7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Magical Unicorn Drinking Horn</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4e922b8fbe0a47abb050447ee3aa4ed20b064ce5ab6fef54" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/afb6_book_of_secrets.jpg" alt="Book of Secrets" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9c29053d3cafe9e5ce966b568c5fbfbfbd6a122b4ded0508"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Book of Secrets</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b0711ee3fa2d12f7a6a941a831de808dd47a0a565292c5a37" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ef12_beer_soap.jpg" alt="Beer Soap" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf2f6d8b61d5ebd17fd9727051b3f0b4b6b52c1a369a7d36e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Beer Soap</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bde7a001efd153c824bd78836d501428d6e9afe1ebb4e0c0a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/14a1_boss_monster_dungeon_building_card_game.jpg" alt="Boss Monster Card Game" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc9265f33642f1095660892adf853e858eff727decac1fc87"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Boss Monster Card Game</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b64f98fabded8ba1a4276db38df591ab15b6e0971aa661bd6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cf3_3d_deco_wall_light_butterfly.gif" alt="3D Deco Wall Light Butterfly - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bad6c474fb1b834369c7a54d3bb1b2c48744828c71e279949"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>3D Deco Wall Light Butterfly - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bea03e9e74ed4437d490926b202962448953cd6d902ef2adb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a48_become_a_laird_or_lady_gift_box.jpg" alt="Become a Laird (Lord) or Lady Gift Box - 33% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bd24bed99068ae77c8567ab86dffda19e8dd839d823010722"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Become a Laird (Lord) or Lady Gift Box - 33% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6f2da1bc6059b018ab8880233fa04655cfef6ebe71b77e48" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1286_exclusive_team_fortress2_chess_set.jpg" alt="Exclusive Team Fortress 2 Chess Set - 60% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbc98ee36b8e75974f09a1f1cdbfa38d281eb7e7b082fd132"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Team Fortress 2 Chess Set - 60% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b2c82bd82a028c80e2d4257ec8e5ef4dedc4f58afeec1f3b7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c53_geiggerrig_1600_hydration_engine_backpack.jpg" alt="Geigerrig 1600 Hydration Engine Backpack - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b21a648bf6da927943335b43ae614aae3132121d04f4ebe0b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Geigerrig 1600 Hydration Engine Backpack - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6050069f78e7b7be2571c56b591280d7cf12ab4b2529c2f0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1388_deluxe_doctor_who_river_songs_tardis_journal.jpg" alt="Deluxe Doctor Who River Song's TARDIS Journal - 44% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9fe78bc726b4d36232322ed54ff408dc4bfa0089d46d941e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Deluxe Doctor Who River Song's TARDIS Journal - 44% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc5fc116a5eb4471ffb8004b791f4001e40d86d235ab6ddb2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/18ae_nanodots_gyro_duo.jpg" alt="Nanodots GYRO DUO: Magnetically Gyroscopic Balls - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3ae507c9858d30f9cb465507f50ad048b6a77276d613d6c2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Nanodots GYRO DUO: Magnetically Gyroscopic Balls - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b89ca606d1f71c32f9cb2a731d0e3da44aee99ba294ac19e8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/eef3_star_trek_tribble_slippers.jpg" alt="Star Trek Tribble Slippers with Sound - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b30f2a979ac6ba57a40b42e5bab714c22a429bb8d9e8ce509"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Tribble Slippers with Sound - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4af46a0fba488bbae5317c861ee9ecb0a55f2dca1459cfa2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e76c_world_of_minecraft_model.jpg" alt="World of Minecraft - 75% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b496f4f4845774d2e32d54b3705de66fd19af94d6f32ff5ab"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>World of Minecraft - 75% off</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6551f56f86ebaf76edf0665e53959533a83362ae3431c066" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-18-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="Set phasers to stunning" title="Set phasers to stunning" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>Set phasers to stunning</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf6d22bd81553ed7b8f5bae8330895914971ce7f29be7514f" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Lucas in Love"</span><br />Hopes burnt up in flames.<br />

Should stop looking for love in<br />

Alderaan places.</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Sharon from San Francisco, CA!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b49387213722082967aa96952e98518a481af7a5043e87546" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b49387213722082967aa96952e98518a481af7a5043e87546" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 0px; text-align: center;">
					<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9b6818bee8e6432fc4eb9305fb25161517d64c7d0df1fd50" ><img
src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-05-giftcenterbanner.jpg" width="600" height="75" border="0" title="Holiday Gift Center" alt="Holiday Gift Center" class="giftstationheader" /></a>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 15px 15px; margin: 0px auto; background-color: #eaf5e2;">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">
					<tr>
						<td>
						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Looking for Gifts?</b></span><b><br />Browse by category:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-bottom: 3px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b3a1c0438c90b5cf1d9b574fe2e4b327efef7abdd7724d405" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Bestsellers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1c9debf911d0dbad0e0588fcc2fd970a6c39771a5ff140c3" style="color: #134b65;" >Only @ ThinkGeek</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b9c0e968c17faf06d2cb762e2f393e1c9bbf9ee2bf933241d" style="color: #134b65;" >Stocking Stuffers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bf764859bb05775c767d8729fd92a11b179ac4755516535a6" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Decor</a><br />
						
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b46b734b8a86e2fa8c5736f607e4afa361c92c99f5cea5217" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Him</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b90d4630c485d69106e7c9d89fbc3c72ecffea6046a162197" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Her</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc428560e82e92e562d24e5f10c08855ffaf08faf01d45a6a" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Kids</a>
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bcbc3d43198d9586248ca68073c3ec786d82440cd260ef227" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $10</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bc31e3926a3ede22e1d188d49179061e1153e42f27dda9fee" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $20</a><br />
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Need help?</b></span><br /><b>Monkeys are standing by 24/7:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bb2ffcf91b727ee4b46ff4b5c78092ecef74bbdf4161444c3" style="color: #134b65;" >Customer Service</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b917097cf36b73a660de5e1393ec06c0a653be1b82348eef3" style="color: #134b65;" >Returns</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b2ed9b503ad6a14b76a20f5a612f6e65e81ae13f2c3a67a7b" style="color: #134b65;" >Shipping Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbbaddf06d426ff7a21d9174bc63e215b04ae218fd4d6e78b" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b2ab4696a97a5aaa9a72ddfe046a62224d78dc6d2fcf13219" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Certificates</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b4178a09373ee35577e8477cfc2d8285432a3121245170ba9" style="color: #134b65;" >Wish Lists</a>
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Find us on:</b></span><br /><b>If you need us, we're here!</b><br /><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be81ee13602c772396af59d8bb46e9362182d884aabb6efa8" style="color: #134b65;"  >Facebook</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b15f52b58b67aafa2a6e671fc4ba9ca6960d47eb9768987d8" style="color: #134b65;" >Twitter</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbbe8d1339ff37477740353c56faefdd50507165913e873ab" style="color: #134b65;" >Google+</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b99359087dce75e1fe30d45e023ea262134de92390675e7e3" style="color: #134b65;" >Pinterest</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4ba7f0972a8117348fbd9d16594b76861c67f9d983435e6689" style="color: #134b65;" >Instagram</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4bbba5fc3be089e8dcf177cbd1b0930f44044c9625344ebdbd" style="color: #134b65;"  >YouTube</a></p>
						</li>
						</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>									
				</td>			
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;"><em>* Some exclusions apply. See website for details.</em></p>
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6e3c1ae47c64cdcb0125845e85c0094e1dd321a3636d79ce"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b7c2c746d4bef908a0c7eec8e709fa1b2bd3df169e09810e2" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be625302b3f25b5ff5bc526d1448e43134c5884229551a844"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4be6eba22cbda9698e97a4715e43f1d6d753ff6cd4f4ef01ac"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b8e9513490f6ae97df12fe1e51c3f29b522b0a2dd1f3be466"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b1b134d0b56989a55d16b42d1a15bd602ad03df047c34ba7a"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b6f9ebdc5cc7086a3dde4c6921b3a0b19ea037f51e90ea1e2"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=ad34fbae799e8b4b920e9224889ddc54954e00be89400c36f21f10f77635389c" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--p7hQaw0ZBpRj=_?:--

