Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.175.144 with SMTP id ca16csp550111ldc;
        Wed, 3 Dec 2014 09:26:36 -0800 (PST)
X-Received: by 10.170.149.10 with SMTP id q10mr8862959ykc.10.1417627595488;
        Wed, 03 Dec 2014 09:26:35 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68259640-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta2.email.thinkgeek.com (mta2.email.thinkgeek.com. [68.232.197.130])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id i17si11258152ykb.102.2014.12.03.09.26.34
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Wed, 03 Dec 2014 09:26:35 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68259640-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) client-ip=68.232.197.130;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68259640-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68259640-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com;
       dkim=pass header.i=@email.thinkgeek.com
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 h=From:To:Subject:Date:List-Unsubscribe:MIME-Version:Reply-To:Message-ID:Content-Type; i=overlords@email.thinkgeek.com;
 bh=83UxJmQzb2zjsZoJEPKueRUjxII=;
 b=ShSlbP9QtjOzeryA2oLTKOz4jRD3kypkr5qY49WuJiKPg60TFpOmiDba+xmF1qHBGwzbL7vyJtZo
   oRCUCSUpvfaIi76W3DjCaGcS58mKg9vVUBPrLXNJZB+p4LIBGUV1S8fyyi+Zo4w1kXSoDNuEuO5U
   P9/J6wFUwkZ53olLkgQ=
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; q=dns; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 b=FAzRLplTow6szreIqt8szrVKRvzYPVSYKTUYpgoelaM23oL+YrF+zpEHuQDAHhA/zk9dlmBfhdZm
   tUOOCgsGRuzOEwUDm+XjAt4yUUyivluwFVth6AN2LpMezZt8EuO2rYIX14QE466afynni2HQ4TNG
   jRD47ziJ8/HENRcUxa0=;
Received: by mta2.email.thinkgeek.com id hft3sm163hs3 for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Wed, 3 Dec 2014 10:33:31 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-68259640-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: No snowspeeder required: new Star Wars AT-AT Lawn Ornament!
Date: Wed, 03 Dec 2014 10:33:30 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe57127877610d7b7114-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe57127877610d7b7114-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_68259640
Message-ID: <6846f475-2cb2-47b7-a2d1-55b107cbf9af@xtinmta173.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="mGPAqob61nsa=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--mGPAqob61nsa=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

...Except Europa

Class, today's subject is Jupiter. Two cool things happened today
involving our favorite red-spotted gas bag. In 1904, the Jovian
moon of Himalia was discovered by Charles Dillon Perrine at the
Lick Observatory (giggle) in California. Himalia is the largest
irregular satellite of Jupiter (which means it needs a laxative).
And then in 1973, Pioneer 10 entered the Jovian System and sent
back close-up photographs of Jupiter and some of its moons. If
only Galileo (discoverer of four of Jupiter's biggest moons in
1610) had lived to see this day - he would have been really
frickin' old... but proud.

Timmy's Daily Doorbusters! Get these deals today only!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26781b014287124b8fdee30defc4381657969cfaa5abcb50416c

Star Wars Lawn Ornament - AT-AT Walker ##########################

Ho Ho Hoth

Whoever designed the AT-ATs did a really great job. They are
loaded with weapons, are a fearsome sight on the battlefield, and
can transport a plethora of troopers right where they are most
needed. And then someone had the bright idea to send them to
Hoth. Now, they did succeed in crushing the Rebel base, but think
about it: where is the absolute worst place for a vehicle with
four legs? That's right, on a planet where there is a lot of
slippery, frozen water! We're pretty sure if the Luke's Snow
Speeder hadn't tripped one, it would have eventually slipped on
the ice. This Star Wars Lawn Ornament, then, is a tribute to that
fallen AT-AT... and the dark-helmeted goober who deployed it to
Hoth in the first place.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26780219da9b0043d1290eb8b14cdcb852081f7cff38e0c216bf


Assassin's Creed Arno Costume Hoodie ############################

Revolution is at hand

There's one thing that's never mentioned when discussing the
French Revolution, and that is the sharp decline in the sale of
hats. Get it? Because of all the heads being chopped off? Anywho,
imagine getting to climb up some of Paris' most amazing landmarks
and then leaping off, knowing you'll safely land in a smallish
pile of hay. That's the single greatest reason to risk falling
inside a glitch in Assassin's Creed Unity. This Assassin's Creed
Arno Costume Hoodie is a glitch-free way to stay warm, while
showing off the fashion of an 18th century Assassin. It's got
embroidered and metal details, a pointed assassin's hood, and
even epaulettes; the perfect hoodie for hiding in small crowds at
work. Just don't perch on your desk watching people (they WILL
notice).
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26788309774e5a1e46cf32f139171b09281e8a0d263766dd15eb


20% off orders $50+ #############################################
25% off orders $100+
30% off orders $150+

While you're busy getting gifts for other people for the holiday,
we got you a little something: a discount on orders over $50. Use
code SURPRISE until 11:59pm PT 12/04/14. 

Spend more & save more:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267800ae16e506c7b7d1c69fe1a6ff9b25f5b6b2f6487e6f1277


What's New(s)! ##################################################

Super cool new rugs - They'll tie the whole room together

Okay, so The Dude says the thing about the rug a few times, but
you know... it's really true. A well-placed rug really will be
the cherry on the proverbial sundae. And, do we have some floor
toppers for you! For your video game room, try the Space Invaders
Screen Shot rug. Got a movie or Star Wars or Star Wars-themed
movie room? Then you need the Millennium Falcon rug. And for your
justice room, there is no better rug than the Captain America
shield rug. But don't just keep these magic rugs in your home;
turn your office into a geeky den of paradise (or, at least, a
geeky floor of paradise). Just be careful of your beverages.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678a67719b5c40e6c65e7b9520f8cefdf182b4168f80c8ceb30
desc/0/100


Exclusive Batman Shattered Watch - Shattered Bats

What a mess, Gotham's in tatters. Shattered. Like this Batman
Watch. Metallic black on black on black - Batman's favorite color
scheme. This watch tells you exactly what time it is, so you'll
know when it's your turn to go fight crime. The Batman symbol is
made of broken bits of concentric circles. Does this represent
the shattered mind of Batman/Bruce Wayne? Or the need/hate
relationship Batman has with the Joker? Or perhaps, it's a
representation of the Bat-computer's screen saver. Whatever this
broken Bat-symbol is from, there is certainly one thing it's for:
it's for making your wrist 100% more awesome. Remember, time
flies like an arrow; but fruit flies like a banana!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678faae2b02f8229aed56f183cf730fe5a1812ceb33a6648596


Tactical BBQ Apron - Urban camo

Listen up, soldier. It's war out there. A war to grill all wars.
Get your grill gear together and load up your Tactical Apron -
Urban Camo. Let's face it, with the way the world is now,
grilling isn't just restricted to the countryside and suburbs
anymore. Grilling has gone deep into the city, and to make sure
you always have everything you need at hand, we've adapted the
Tactical Apron for this new urban environment. You still have all
the loops and straps and pouches a seasoned Grill Sergeant needs,
only now with more Urban Camo deco. Make us proud!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678e9892d1166e07681ae5c11b6e5d78b719f69c7070b2e3cc2


Microfiber Lens Cleaning Skinny Necktie - Destroy all smudges

Many of us wear glasses or have devices that have glass or smooth
components. All these things get smudges. We HATE smudges.
Smudges make your gadgets look dull and your cameras take fuzzy
shots. They also make you look insane as you try to see if they
are on your glasses (with your glasses on - you know the
maneuver). It's time to take control of your life, while looking
pretty snazzy at the same time. This is a skinny black necktie,
but it's made out of microfiber, so you can use it to clean your
stuff without the risk of scratches. It's tie-riffic. Sorry.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26784f0535ec509a698215f4afd88d0763b796c5da121f452970


Roominate Engineering Set - Modular future house

The Roominate Chateau is the "dollhouse" of the future. We put
"dollhouse" in quotes because it's a little misleading. The
Roominate Chateau kit is about building a house for toys. It
should be called a "toyhouse" of the future. It's all modular, so
your child puts it together, takes it apart, and can put it
together again in a different formation. Plus, it comes with
circuits, a motor, and a visual guide to building various things,
like a lamp, a windmill, or an elevator that actually works. And
not with string. You'll (um... that is, kids will) develop
important skills during play: hands-on problem solving, spatial
and fine motor skills, self-confidence, and creativity. Build,
wire, and design... again and again!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678581e9365a4424093f09cbb104076e32eff285862272ea115


Doctor Who 12th Doctor #1 - Exclusive ThinkGeek variant

This is it: the beginning of the comic book adventures of the
12th Doctor. The beginning of an adventure through time and space
and flat pages and panels. What sort of adventures? Well, we
promised not to tell. But this Doctor Who 12th Doctor #1 comic
book is just the tip of the iceberg of Mr. Capaldi's
graphically-novelized escapades. But that's not all. Because, as
the 12th Doctor is full of surprises, we had to make sure this
volume had something special for you: an exclusive variant cover
by artists Sina Grace and S. Steven Struble! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678891299acc93eff22e6b29c7409d7a5e78f4bfae02c08f27f


Reflect In-Ear Bluetooth Sport Headphones - Sweatproof music

Reflect Headphones are made for a body in motion. They are
Bluetooth, of course, so you won't have to worry about cables to
your audio device flapping all over you. They feature awesome
sound quality and an integrated universal remote control
microphone (so you can talk to people while you are in motion,
too). And all of that is great, but the biggest thing that
separates these headphones from all others is that little curled
bit near the earbud. Those bits help hold the earbuds in your ear
(they lock with the natural curves of your aural funnel) and you
get three sets (for the perfect fit). Reflect In-Ear Bluetooth
Sport Headphones - let your music fuel your workouts!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678f6ddbd44ea1590ddb90037cebcf90f3ef4422a167fdfc787


Sneaky Uses for Everyday Things Ultimate Edition - Three books of
sneaky

Full of easy-to-follow diagrams and instructions, and using
ordinary household (and office-hold) items, the Sneaky Uses
series is a must-have in the DIYer's book collection.  The Sneaky
Uses books can be used as a practical tool to build useful
devices, a fun little fantasy escape, or as a trivia guide to
impress friends and family. And since we love this series (and
we're friends with the author), we decided to put together a set
of the first three books in the series - all in one banded
collection! That's over 450 pages of DIY sneakiness! Sneaky Uses
for Everyday Things Ultimate Edition - hey, even MacGyver had to
start somewhere.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678933565cb111f23b11cc4271f24608e53be8d59cd6a8d146b


Halo 4 USNC Messenger Bags - Additional loadout slots unlocked

If you're a cybernetically enhanced human in your MJOLNIR Powered
Assault Armor, and you've got to save the galaxy from being
sterilized by fire, you need to carry quite an arsenal with you.
And your car keys. And a book or two (for loading screens).
Unfortunately, the designers of the armor you're wearing forgot
to include pockets. Luckily, the fine folks at the United Nations
Space Command developed a line of bags which have more than
enough room to take care of that oversight. Choose UNSC Fleet
Officer Bag, Infinity Messenger Bag, or Warthog Hardside
Messenger Bag. All three bags have interior compartments big
enough to carry all your gear. 'Cause you never know when you're
gonna suddenly need that extra plasma grenade!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267837a5c3f64f413fd847d7897cdc13bd1ea55646ee93d07bc0


The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly - Buy Middle-earth

If you play The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly, you will buy land and
seek to squeeze every last bit of money out of the other players
when they visit the bits of Middle-earth you own. Forget houses
and hotels, you'll be building Outposts and Great Halls. You'll
hoard all your riches, as you try and prevent others from
attaining wealth and status, and... Holy bagginses - if you play
The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly, you'll turn into Smaug!  So,
remember, as you begin to win The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly, to
make sure to evenly cover your vulnerable underbelly with all the
Title Deeds you own. Any gaps can be used to bring you down
(we're lookin' at you, Bard the Bowman)! 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678a48c640141ead5a4a856923d76ab930bfe8288385d53cefe


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26782c5e6c1f7f65300c0085384856ae17c7c4c24db392629b23

Cup of Mojo Bluetooth Speaker
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678ac3055cd7df504df88a85085bc6c31e999bde57307f5a0f5

Colossus Cable - 12 Foot Charge/Sync Cable
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26782b0a1d48d7203b04e3cecf756380750defe8de2db111724c

The Squishable Katamari Ball
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678e6b3ab1519f49e47202f55479fa00b1dca1a379a6c26c7d4

Harley Quinn Fabrikations Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678fff1db8aafcdab923cae7f2cb1460d5c9281ba9ece5f8853

Funko Style Batman Bifold Wallet
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267865836dbd728e48a2f2f5aa7655c4b88a6811cad187dd41d8

Dumb Ways To Die Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267834fe1d7c2ff86d857bfaf4b58a0d9b7cea1b33720d6ff85a

Star Trek TNG Magnetic Rank Bar "Pips" Replicas
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678deb9b9b38c410d67685641d393c979b2a4edf1a1b2c9e58f

Game of Thrones Dragon Plush Drogon
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678a00f1d5ac17fae75dc666ebc780d41ec05178cff0be861f9

Star Wars Metal Earth Model Kits
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267817021e669b483229b038235b319ea84099ef3b29b04e239c

Star Trek Metal Earth Model Kits
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26780df569053ee30c7f0c96501fac8e9dadbbb2f32486d13ad2

TARDIS Union Jack Pillow
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678c3f3ca87573e84e813dbb9cc89d2d3dbdbb9ae1c937a5d18

Avenger Reflex Controller Adapter
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26785adc7a0fdc93d17f7c29f3afb56bdb9fafde342da1397ecb

Halo 2 Master Chief Figures 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26786e8b82c984a670a514b3c6a6dee4d983bce1774ab5555cdb

Marvel Rechargeable Speakers
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267882a0b5ab89081f0807baa053d3bffbd66176cf9c95b4873f

Marvel Headphones
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26789791962e8eae98ef6b61a364f595748fdab57533780e4d13

Star Wars Rechargeable Mini Speaker
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267860afe3fabebda57333ae9139aa69157fa85f1126395d5eea

Heroes of the Storm Bang!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678fdc0db1d7f9bbecf8bd8592ce0485a3d576034642596ad86

Edge Plus Universal Device Stand and Charger
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678bfa94f6e545497942919a83712c2e1ae56c9bafddc207b89

GameClutch Universal Clip Controller
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26784aab89e46b5595979f4199f271d22f06faa2e6c53d101999

Pacific Rim - 7" Ultra Deluxe Action Figure - Kaiju Axehead
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267805795de51731a57d2c94a342d48969a2256df2f28a63bd79

New Apparel! ####################################################

Zer0 Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26780c0574af337150e2e94a49b17519313f222ce8501d1dcfaa

Batman Billionaires Club Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678cf727585f99175cb182e0e7c7414100b0ae9aa9b9527b231

Exclusive Steampunk Batman Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26785d65cc96f26f15bd2dc5dd0e60f431d2c551585882c5fa9f

Exclusive Steampunk Green Lantern Hoodie
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678b84c6a715602e46640ef360da77dad9ba2d62ca2d0dc0fa8

Porkins Crispy Bacon Fries
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e587f406a349925c5669bf39ab58e5865a202e284fc2f16bb07

The Rebel Inside
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58d6f271f2ed2ef47d81f5de51ab3fc5da8f19327a138679eb

Classic Star Wars Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e5818239c3d3618281465f99b45e08226501ec6282ba9d5135f

Star Wars X-Wing Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58453b201a2e04456ec60d53b847995df612214abbb2d93adb

Toothless Tales Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58b38479c35f313828cd7b1e96c4e471b193bf195d3b4ef6e9

Lump Off Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e5810f5599a12f9514762f3eeded93faf7b45ad246a2d676ae6

How to Train Your Dragon Ladies' Fitted Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58153156fcd2fa32fa30917a7ce86dc4eaaf1ee9f846a84d2c

Rainbow Dash Stache Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e5804bdf838f955493a2ea6df225fa8b42553dd9afc76e4a6a3

Who You Gonna Call Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e585315a8a307f06ad72ec30c904101ab0db4c335a34f302d02

On the Light Side We Have Wookiees Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58292a2a4b8314f0940c95ffedb0c597a78a07175bf120c79f

Green Eggs Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58359a85ac4b63476547cc27a6221158ed97bc333ccfe530e0

Cobra Logo Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58869eb1a2c3cecce21417709d082734643994fe59dfc48941

Exclusive I Am Groot Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e585528c45555d5a10884f9f1ca91330ab2e35e0ca7eaf254ae

Exclusive Christopher Pike Sublimated Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e586559a9815bdbb39a4936c01b756583791c6b1a6fd93ba172

Haynes Guide to the Mars Rover
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58384b16808464cf32c96bb27b81448365a55a99447059ac7e

Haynes Guide to The Space Shuttle
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58b521a115c15da96569aca45a7b045288d6bf765fb591480a

The Bit Lebowski
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e5838085cdccaad77416986f65662d7c5ca3ec86cde251d942b

Star Wars Symbols Ladies' Cardigan
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e5886948eb137f133a31e6f139f276d2cca1a29704cf8b24a0e

Set Phasers To Bacon Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e5867fa538034aa0c8bc28cda754f1036cc225d492daf93b08c

Trek Stripes Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58f356ee66dad154d5b010202670dced7e15f007774f8d88cb

New Mugs & Glasses! #############################################

Double Heat Changing Skull Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58c69dbc6fde1e164180b0c01c1fa8709919c04054c8ea369b

Crazy Cats Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e587d7dc5574669dfcfa188fd8fa5b10d347a5ef12229a8e00f

Self-Rescuing Princess Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=d3eea7ae3e468e58ecffb3054af307e6c96301c28337eef35130f88ad3c4eee8

Attack on Titan 3D Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f53b696c8d397dbe697f15f6f67da33ac95fce4cc9656923d

Black Widow 16oz Molded Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f607b6e8954d2d54dedf8d98194cad972abea996e2b0c1306

Thor 16oz Molded Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f7752aa7866c5ce9de7c71a81bfbd297f1433c94377068682

Spider-man 16oz Molded Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fc9f2e898843d36ff201a31f24c08089e2a4b49e031bfae39

Loki 16oz Molded Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157ff4841d13486dc3d91f8dbadddff0447a3b48dcca87512a1c

3D Carnage 16oz Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157ffbb1404438c21f025fab2791bbd2ed05f96d72b576837c93

Portal 2 Lemon Grenade Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fa836552abfcce8fb51786786cf3130586bcfcee605d0d9a0

Breaking Bad 12 oz Meth Drum Glass
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fc6aa04de912fa8f43d88e0299986f207c12b2d81a5237fe8

Bethesda: Official Store ########################################

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f6962b6c4787d204a1c94db48cd420b93da2f93b9ce5866ce
20141203tgeml

DIY & Science Gifts!  ###########################################

3Doodler 3D Printing Pen
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f6eedc5a090fcb02bfcb1c7d481bb8db65c69ff62c26d5d98

Star Wars Miniature Metal DIY Model Kits
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157ff3657a54a6a34c890d459e4dc7b8a7dcfeada2fdf8bda1f8

Theremin Mini Kit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f5bad84ab19208265b2d585a01ed6cd24b5c25c0dd03acba8

Crazy Combat Catapults
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f0e1c6ad2b34ae1f59fcc459b64c36ff56a31ed4191d38148

Strandbeest Kit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f42bc720bc2a6668ff61cf522221b0f181f5d0d19d94f6b82

Beginner Solder Tool Kit
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fe4d73b8c6aa78196ab8e67d22bd048a1f264a4eafe640d4f

Root Vue Farm
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fc149360647b81c4db9c107c51391a0eefd92bbc3fbaa775c

Sprout Growing Pencils
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f7f8497ab5c4d0672a59c95fc225a9bd050303909d95b40bd

Shop all DIY & Science >
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f163eb3081c8d04382906c88c98c63b74452d174e86feda76

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - 10% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f894d93f09206cf36579b07a40a1c4c4f24775cc9ba580b10

Star Trek Uniform Polos - 17% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fcfd21beacca157a8cc2f19a87ed038ea789c6184598b5a3c

Batgirl Yoga Pants - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f64562199186939e25384e091ce43d350785991f42fb49254

Chewbacca Rugs - 10% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f5a2e956c1893e8e2b5b391cac44517d6d19c89dc5d2cd40d

Terror of the Deep Shark Glass - 50% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157fe12218ec6fed031752e5d1d1107b4d7a4121f5b94d0d5847

Exclusive Rubik's Cube Fridge - 7% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f88f8d71456f5331ea6961b4188a1905ee5db7aad2bec6895

Doctor Who Glass Ball Ornament - 40% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f47be0469f2299f8ee88741e18c5838b67849f2b2940837f5

Exclusive Star Wars R2-Q5 Measuring Cup Set - 10% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f53495b55d57bed3480705b242b82804f9edc8adc143ed83f

See all the deals >
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4261e290d7e7157f5772d6763e0e127b9c3af23be969d030c2ae5dcf472fed80

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Happy Hothidays!

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3eddb6aed158b84c92d8c2288fb5452aae4310cbbc9f1b6ecf

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e0b7d2d2f86a12d2887601a9de4544acdd11375ec993dae40

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Jon from Eau Claire,
WI! We lovingly title this winning haiku "Platform is Arthritis":

The clicking of mice:
A symphony for gamers,
A dirge for their hands. 

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e47204c475efafb8849b9f9070a79677da4ed050efc93a2c6
 
Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3ea86be128e0f6da743e870437d415c795667e3a7440943f99

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e781f0528736402c6f8a8bfe57c2118819712f3f30e32479b

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3ed6557d09d74422a179a21bce56a47d941b92b87f8090a9c0

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e2c7695dfa2d3daf5b538b88f23d4ec98df4d912505bc2c90

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3ea1188fd6fc948035f84f77ef36cbf0abe50d59bee8b3de4f

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e8abf83499cd62b43602986d36372041493d7c7fe47cffca8

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e2089a64f9077f1f32132fc654ba97a6a4df3133e264d12ca

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3eb3d79aef5c38a9ec821f0a9f4a586e498e2bf4d390b34375

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e1a650fd337daeeb6197ea4828a4029a34b0135506093ce78

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e01ff0d8084e10e38337863cfc004d5e340709a20c0155efd

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3eea009d2fb325438cec4f999c1d6cca4d101ba825efad8968

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e1571493a9d871d8fb91dba88ee6e7be5c60ec50b6272aa8e

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e03b88fa2a5dc1390b184037a17a634c96fb71c03afcb1c3f

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e96654f52caf61a5bc0bdcbbe6c2aa683a08543923c156c15

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e1a432835afcab3f0dc2c96874f27d4d1482ce887866706f4 *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e85c4362baec809f9a9d1f2ac1f6a7430ca6acad9f14554ae

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

%#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f8c0fbcae40abb3e2089a64f9077f1f32132fc654ba97a6a4df3133e264d12ca 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--mGPAqob61nsa=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe57127877610d7b7114-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10046" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 320px !important; height: 60px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 500px !important; height: 70px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Plus up to 30% off your order with SURPRISE (2 days only!)</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463383e038b04e7d029520e5880194e3bbe6584b48058576f94" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463383e038b04e7d029520e5880194e3bbe6584b48058576f94" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463df7ac09f1ad34d861701f04e55624c2e3e1ee338a755f981" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2014-holidaytimmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463cddcb0979ed896ff4a2acb531fe0bcc7defa52c7afd1cef4" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463b08e8ca3e1fce98568d6656b9ecfa9faaa6544c8538a4adb" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463829572f4ca535794415c7dd2549763a890b7ebe43f350264" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc892463bfb630e7689c17ffd2f161d64e58b31ea5a28d935be9bd6c" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#96141a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=22713813dc8924636c901e2c3675339e513d401fa5c48cef9f767b045c1f24bc" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GIFT CENTER</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
				<td style="background-color: #7cc04b; border-top: 5px solid #ffffff;">
				<p style="font: 14px Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #ffffff !important; padding: 8px 5px 8px 5px; margin: 0px; text-align: center;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585584c15181ecb6c52908a7a80e957a69720b158dfc5b2e2892" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><strong>Timmy's Daily Doorbusters!</strong> Get these deals today only! &#x25B8;</a></p>
				</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855a8c4db1395522349c847d83aa0af43111b96cced99e377e7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-03-starwars.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Star Wars Lawn Ornament - AT-AT Walker" title="Ho Ho Hoth" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 5px 0px;" /></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855143af4e690bc8168c4ccf26565884c877a0203fedc3688ae" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-03-assassins.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Assassin's Creed Arno Costume Hoodie" title="Revolution is at hand" class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 5px 0px;" /></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58558f93472037805f44c5055773b4c672019d180647bb482531" >
<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-02-tiered.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="20% off orders $50+ | 25% off orders $100+ | 30% off orders $150+" title="Use code SURPRISE until 11:59pm PT 12/04/14." class="feature" style="margin: 5px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">...Except Europa</h3>
				
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">Class, today's subject is Jupiter. Two cool things happened today involving our favorite red-spotted gas bag. In 1904, the Jovian moon of Himalia was discovered by Charles Dillon Perrine at the Lick Observatory (giggle) in California. Himalia is the largest irregular satellite of Jupiter (which means it needs a laxative). And then in 1973, Pioneer 10 entered the Jovian System and sent back close-up photographs of Jupiter and some of its moons. If only Galileo (discoverer of four of Jupiter's biggest moons in 1610) had lived to see this day - he
 would have been really frickin' old... but proud.</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855c81e257ab558e4ca78c97860026fa6397d144c56adc3958c" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Super cool new rugs - They'll tie the whole room together</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58556479404d1fd3b1006fe2bcdd47809e079cdd7b2216c48236" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-03-rugscombine.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Super cool new rugs - They'll tie the whole room together" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Okay, so The Dude says the thing about the rug a few times, but you know... it's really true. A well-placed rug really will be the cherry on the proverbial sundae. And, do we have some floor toppers for you! For your video game room, try the Space Invaders Screen Shot rug. Got a movie or Star Wars or Star Wars-themed movie room? Then you need the Millennium Falcon rug. And for your justice room, there is no better rug than the Captain America shield rug. But don't just keep these magic rugs in your home; turn your office into a geeky den of paradise (or, at least, a geeky floor of paradise). Just be careful of
 your beverages.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855fb93f185e112ef04548e9c265dfe2950ace70cc6688a5b40" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Exclusive Batman Shattered Watch - Shattered Bats</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58559f091ce1aed790a41c19dc55101b2cdc204b258110ab9ef8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hrmi_batman_shatteered_watch.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Exclusive Batman Shattered Watch - Shattered Bats" width="108" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">What a mess, Gotham's in tatters. Shattered. Like this Batman Watch. Metallic black on black on black - Batman's favorite color scheme. This watch tells you exactly what time it is, so you'll know when it's your turn to go fight crime. The Batman symbol is made of broken bits of concentric circles. Does this represent the shattered mind of Batman/Bruce Wayne? Or the need/hate relationship Batman has with the Joker? Or perhaps, it's a representation of the Bat-computer's screen saver. Whatever this broken Bat-symbol is from, there is certainly one thing it's for: it's for making your wrist 100% more awesome.
 Remember, time flies like an arrow; but fruit flies like a banana!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855cfef60de1ec74788a067b29f23d284df60e07762097a45ff" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Tactical BBQ Apron - Urban camo</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58550eefad7207488884db9b1873717c5bb14790ef3485d6e713" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1dbe_tactical_chef_apron_camo.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Tactical BBQ Apron - Urban camo" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Listen up, soldier. It's war out there. A war to grill all wars. Get your grill gear together and load up your Tactical Apron - Urban Camo. Let's face it, with the way the world is now, grilling isn't just restricted to the countryside and suburbs anymore. Grilling has gone deep into the city, and to make sure you always have everything you need at hand, we've adapted the Tactical Apron for this new urban environment. You still have all the loops and straps and pouches a seasoned Grill Sergeant needs, only now with more Urban Camo deco. Make us proud!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585599d977b53b2e5f50668120a4d672c1a0d21df4575aa5aeaf" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Microfiber Lens Cleaning Skinny Necktie - Destroy all smudges</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58555e9d22e1ea6a818bbc5b2fce380173a06e5ae6e6a6e33ecc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/207e_microfiber_lense_cleaning_skinny_tie.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Microfiber Lens Cleaning Skinny Necktie - Destroy all smudges" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Many of us wear glasses or have devices that have glass or smooth components. All these things get smudges. We HATE smudges. Smudges make your gadgets look dull and your cameras take fuzzy shots. They also make you look insane as you try to see if they are on your glasses (with your glasses on - you know the maneuver). It's time to take control of your life, while looking pretty snazzy at the same time. This is a skinny black necktie, but it's made out of microfiber, so you can use it to clean your stuff without the risk of scratches. It's tie-riffic. Sorry.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855ff9bcad665f94e05090fabb4226399a5d7910ffd536b87e0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Roominate Engineering Set - Modular future house</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58554f331040a30347fbd44656b8eb3457aeed85e672a85e9f96" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hrtm_roominate_chateau.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Roominate Engineering Set - Modular future house" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">The Roominate Chateau is the "dollhouse" of the future. We put "dollhouse" in quotes because it's a little misleading. The Roominate Chateau kit is about building a house for toys. It should be called a "toyhouse" of the future. It's all modular, so your child puts it together, takes it apart, and can put it together again in a different formation. Plus, it comes with circuits, a motor, and a visual guide to building various things, like a lamp, a windmill, or an elevator that actually works. And not with string. You'll (um... that is, kids will) develop important skills during play: hands-on problem solving,
 spatial and fine motor skills, self-confidence, and creativity. Build, wire, and design... again and again!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855e056b9ccc4cd45d295510ffa6f3081a264b1ef17c1e1e67c" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Doctor Who 12th Doctor #1 - Exclusive ThinkGeek variant</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585595ba89780fb79914ecde0c646a05b6c4cc413c3ce5e705a2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hskh_dw_12th_doctor_comic.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Doctor Who 12th Doctor #1 - Exclusive ThinkGeek variant" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">This is it: the beginning of the comic book adventures of the 12th Doctor. The beginning of an adventure through time and space and flat pages and panels. What sort of adventures? Well, we promised not to tell. But this Doctor Who 12th Doctor #1 comic book is just the tip of the iceberg of Mr. Capaldi's graphically-novelized escapades. But that's not all. Because, as the 12th Doctor is full of surprises, we had to make sure this volume had something special for you: an exclusive variant cover by artists Sina Grace and S. Steven Struble!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855c2b60eb141b3e8fb9a7f80554bacba0d1f5210f64f011da2" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Reflect In-Ear Bluetooth Sport Headphones - Sweatproof music</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855e884ba5ace7c5b1d77cce4c00ce94f73eab16f17f873ffd2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/htig_in_ear_reflect_bt_headphones.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Reflect In-Ear Bluetooth Sport Headphones - Sweatproof music" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Reflect Headphones are made for a body in motion. They are Bluetooth, of course, so you won't have to worry about cables to your audio device flapping all over you. They feature awesome sound quality and an integrated universal remote control microphone (so you can talk to people while you are in motion, too). And all of that is great, but the biggest thing that separates these headphones from all others is that little curled bit near the earbud. Those bits help hold the earbuds in your ear (they lock with the natural curves of your aural funnel) and you get three sets (for the perfect fit). Reflect In-Ear
 Bluetooth Sport Headphones - let your music fuel your workouts!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855bea1f3b3a845fe0f61ad4fdf4db2dcc1566df8640c427017" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Sneaky Uses for Everyday Things Ultimate Edition - Three books of sneaky</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855620bf89cd1e12c6b2f6d733824d774f5b4b47ffb10337583" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1e2c_sneaky_uses_book_3pack.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Sneaky Uses for Everyday Things Ultimate Edition - Three books of sneaky" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Full of easy-to-follow diagrams and instructions, and using ordinary household (and office-hold) items, the Sneaky Uses series is a must-have in the DIYer's book collection.  The Sneaky Uses books can be used as a practical tool to build useful devices, a fun little fantasy escape, or as a trivia guide to impress friends and family. And since we love this series (and we're friends with the author), we decided to put together a set of the first three books in the series - all in one banded collection! That's over 450 pages of DIY sneakiness! Sneaky Uses for Everyday Things Ultimate Edition - hey, even MacGyver
 had to start somewhere.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855c77f70641017b0768dba5e4bca74fc3a0cb17c0647cefad6" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Halo 4 USNC Messenger Bags - Additional loadout slots unlocked</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855ed58fa01de02702e0811e83540beb0d36c90676ee8cbea1f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/19ff_halo_usnc_messenger_bags_infinity.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Halo 4 USNC Messenger Bags - Additional loadout slots unlocked" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">If you're a cybernetically enhanced human in your MJOLNIR Powered Assault Armor, and you've got to save the galaxy from being sterilized by fire, you need to carry quite an arsenal with you. And your car keys. And a book or two (for loading screens). Unfortunately, the designers of the armor you're wearing forgot to include pockets. Luckily, the fine folks at the United Nations Space Command developed a line of bags which have more than enough room to take care of that oversight. Choose UNSC Fleet Officer Bag, Infinity Messenger Bag, or Warthog Hardside Messenger Bag. All three bags have interior compartments
 big enough to carry all your gear. 'Cause you never know when you're gonna suddenly need that extra plasma grenade!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58556364b902ff542c70cde2fc623d1e779a65cac257dcefbc15" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly - Buy Middle-earth</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855da782638a171f8d228a698db72d73628e31f57d5b4006fe7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/1bbd_hobbit_trilogy_monopoly.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly - Buy Middle-earth" width="120" height="130" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">If you play The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly, you will buy land and seek to squeeze every last bit of money out of the other players when they visit the bits of Middle-earth you own. Forget houses and hotels, you'll be building Outposts and Great Halls. You'll hoard all your riches, as you try and prevent others from attaining wealth and status, and... Holy bagginses - if you play The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly, you'll turn into Smaug!  So, remember, as you begin to win The Hobbit Trilogy Monopoly, to make sure to evenly cover your vulnerable underbelly with all the Title Deeds you own. Any gaps can be used to bring you
 down (we're lookin' at you, Bard the Bowman)!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								
				
			</table>	
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585546331fe4861cc4df9ba21711b8e41bbdfcafb260e7da22ab" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/bethesda_store_email-tg.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="Bethesda Official Store" title="Bethesda Official Store" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>			

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58552aedc6be2f36aa694e543ed9ee77416520aaa8d47d33c867" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20a2_zer0_hoodie.jpg" alt="Zer0 Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58559cf73ae6a1e8f41105273794f6306634f17ad92b23ca0468"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Zer0 Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58557f1acf895b4b45fdb2a7d97d541a2df661038677bbd3c521" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvr_batman_billionaires_club_hoodie_2.jpg" alt="Batman Billionaires Club Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585599da275d47c8cef98eb267621fd8b8e2221aba20291bf754"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Billionaires Club Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58555edb992ac17b184b8dfcda02842589f1f3e74d907761569d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrj_steam_punk_batman_hoodie.jpg" alt="Exclusive Steampunk Batman Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585565aad0e09933cf191874540fb99d57b46f5ec03ba3fc33c3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Steampunk Batman Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585577b742736c48fcb4e8dd7fff87540e93d3a3ba1446cbffef" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvq_steam_punk_grenn_lantern_hoodie.jpg" alt="Exclusive Steampunk Green Lantern Hoodie" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585555bdbadf42fb040d25232c1622cb6db1d5bd53c9a076cf82"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Steampunk Green Lantern Hoodie</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58553faf6372861d557fc736fceadc9e3994a17f2fed13827a76" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2176_porkins_crispy_bacon_fries_dd.jpg" alt="Porkins Crispy Bacon Fries" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855762dfabb31794c1486c628edcc78402a75d37215622808ac"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Porkins Crispy Bacon Fries</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855bcdc7aad8c08dab29865ed32bf38913efa20ec9feead59f9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20b7_rebel_inside_dd.jpg" alt="The Rebel Inside" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855f287c837952d80dcdc67bec79e499c0c09c722fcd4a9f41b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Rebel Inside</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58550be760a9c404174ab60060ea0f45f691fa386c4b94916275" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2178_classic_star_wars_long_sleeve_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Classic Star Wars Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58550b69a9164c50934a8951e90aca7f0eb8676d1691d19afe96"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Classic Star Wars Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855203a4784e2e2f9427cbee13db1d84a2f84b1c23159d2b035" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fd9_star_wars_x_wing_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Star Wars X-Wing Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58552efdb7c344ee31c723c980921ccb9f23cf2571d4a6e38c5b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars X-Wing Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58551c046907487f5334e51df4b18c085804144de108636b2bf7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1faa_toothless_tales_ladies_fitted_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Toothless Tales Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58557154a238519d980eb8cc7a58c53e2b78c8e9fd6ae3b317ef"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Toothless Tales Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585558b0dca2aaf685403bd880a4b4ca5f56c5c2a0234047adbd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2089_lump_off_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Lump Off Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855ce7a84f7c534d70e0f5f662da447fa469e71d5a5e7e73cc7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Lump Off Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585573ae18b3ccc1f8f331cca29f2b5c58dfb159f5c161617dd7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fa9_how_to_train_your_dragon_ladies_fitted_tee_dd.jpg" alt="How to Train Your Dragon Ladies' Fitted Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855062db87aabb4e11187202c36c2b017838148db83afd4e800"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>How to Train Your Dragon Ladies' Fitted Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585521adfc6ea4d56584c8b8e5906dc01669dbe5ba9b79ae4968" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2088_rainbow_dash_stache_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Rainbow Dash Stache Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855880996061c8ed6b87e0a8d4661061ca60a4731e7b6362824"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Rainbow Dash Stache Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585596f2af0ac602acc22b3671a02677a34cda1da82a134138cb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/207f_who_you_gonna_call_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Who You Gonna Call Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855032aa896069853998d12f10ad900a45905b2b0aedc25015b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Who You Gonna Call Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855a373c5861500099ce18fe9ee0cb7212765fd9799a90e0578" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrmp_light_side_we_have_wookies_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="On the Light Side We Have Wookiees Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585562ac5accf993cc598f705217629b2df7b170c770a013d4ee"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>On the Light Side We Have Wookiees Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855a34333095996ab2e8b56bbaa59783da46a9b39faa3128df3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrms_green_eggs_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Green Eggs Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585592302a043f870b56deb8686b8750617c881b8dfdaa9f40d8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Green Eggs Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585567d7b23e3e01c15f7dead2287479028df74b32d8b2854615" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/216a_cobra_logo_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Cobra Logo Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855b1a77101fe208d34c51822638276d3ffc7a192ff0cbe8578"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Cobra Logo Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855a242c4d10c3f96c3cd73db6fcd526a42f3a3e564a5a8ced4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrpo_exclusive_i_am_groot_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive I Am Groot Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855ee61c5fa1163ce57eff1f6c8be84da196c1d9d1b96ec6eb7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive I Am Groot Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855cb3225c4151db0b19ea825138488c84d64f42a62410cd168" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvg_christopher_pike_sublimated_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Christopher Pike Sublimated Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855b1afeda06f8bf48cd841380cd7844b2d96ec34100140e15f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Christopher Pike Sublimated Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855f0aab6ab79d4050cbb39d001144c37f52ad4466795443efe" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsns_haynes_guide_to_the_mars_rover_dd.jpg" alt="Haynes Guide to the Mars Rover" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58552a4797165b90a0eb68a799fa6d4d1fb1e77cafb2fff24086"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Haynes Guide to the Mars Rover</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855ebf9c9baa3823d1f9ba634bf8b1221e479bd18926894b696" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnv_haynes_guide_to_the_space_shuttle_dd.jpg" alt="Haynes Guide to The Space Shuttle" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58550e97da7901c0f5ccfa91150848291b4e9f2fd604cd159170"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Haynes Guide to The Space Shuttle</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585540beaee6ae684deefb57325051429e4c57a1f6d0cdfbe238" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2109_the_bit_lebowski_dd.jpg" alt="The Bit Lebowski" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855b0a2675e094282b347ba6a957b4a9b34bcfbffbdbdadbece"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Bit Lebowski</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855f2d262bf1b68e944627a402a7789204cbb345ff7e61b4cba" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f4d_sw_symbols_cardigan.jpg" alt="Star Wars Symbols Ladies' Cardigan" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58556e71574fe779c6e36c2a26157dbd0b1c57757c3eed248694"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Symbols Ladies' Cardigan</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855136ff1149860c8cbd871b16d0df8add23f08f526331748ed" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2084_set_phasers_to_bacon_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Set Phasers To Bacon Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585596b0bed38d1f4cd29ff062ed4e55453fe8c086616269800e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Set Phasers To Bacon Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855caa91fe6e852e14afed61466f70612b798ae8625a9ca82dd" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2085_trek_stripes_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Trek Stripes Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585511fb22466d43d72e28d0da8a9ee33a44fa254ccb5f298ec1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Trek Stripes Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855b15077354f89d878d334cc2e95252cf695f1a161b0486c31" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htil_espresso_bluetooth_speaker.jpg" alt="Cup of Mojo Bluetooth Speaker" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58551551711244d37f3801686cff0e74ead88d2dadb90f43dba3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Cup of Mojo Bluetooth Speaker</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855903b6e13796706b5683361b7af6719892f99b92559920e72" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/207d_colossus_cable_12ft.jpg" alt="Colossus Cable - 12 Foot Charge/Sync Cable" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855b616a0c06f31da4b61daa127bdf90785eeccb270ec6c2f50"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Colossus Cable - 12 Foot Charge/Sync Cable</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b585513938a2b55919af2689a26c0f8933ce4c8dbd73328dad7b5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htlk_squishable_katamari_ball.jpg" alt="The Squishable Katamari Ball" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58556cc5c9eeedd3388d0a289eec79c3086b728de5d6e088faab"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Squishable Katamari Ball</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b5855687cf50266c1afcaf68d0b9bb95bf5f9eee5345f9825a62f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20d1_harley_quinn_fabrikations_plush.jpg" alt="Harley Quinn Fabrikations Plush" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=e7ddd149573b58552d7b4f537f2a9e8b0b1392ca5c51ec423a0482fba25841b3"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Harley Quinn Fabrikations Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c93f138aa56dfcabdf70a4e2a34f2df91bf67c6447d36af9e4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/htmt_funco_style_batman_bifold_wallet.jpg" alt="Funko Style Batman Bifold Wallet" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9df6a0fb4875e456c9149c722a497631ba239553cef38e84a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Funko Style Batman Bifold Wallet</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c99d660319b2cf71e928ee40a2dbb2eb3fff7af731bfb8c3d5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqm_dumb_ways_8in_plush.jpg" alt="Dumb Ways To Die Plush" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c96f10ff1b1ff06e5dfb67c940e86765e380c02cef67a6618a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dumb Ways To Die Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c971269e9edcd59a7b44b9ac8a4930153efc0fa551f49a0d49" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e60_tng_magnetic_rank_bar_pips.jpg" alt="Star Trek TNG Magnetic Rank Bar "Pips" Replicas" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9398d3d9471275b8144f58d102277e38304c488d45a6ced96"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek TNG Magnetic Rank Bar "Pips" Replicas</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9122a4f418ee32014a07da6accfe0d6e5d72b00da456a7738" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f01_got_dragon_plush.jpg" alt="Game of Thrones Dragon Plush Drogon" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9c2917773af6b18e8271ca7c70b15f2daa8add28acdc08bdb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game of Thrones Dragon Plush Drogon</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9dba35e3f49fb4494b2b514e6fe1f3174447bc2f86e9f7622" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrul_star_wars_metal_earth_kits.jpg" alt="Star Wars Metal Earth Model Kits" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9764b516b74bd60520f6590a5d14dd134c674013563203281"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Metal Earth Model Kits</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9e4d8b459f983d7bfe8e8bba13e47dd624c83ccc296526bae" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hruj_star_trek_metal_earth_kits.jpg" alt="Star Trek Metal Earth Model Kits" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c98d8c985928c5441a5c77f7acb3951639f112955140bde7c9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Metal Earth Model Kits</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9057bf05800bc3ff69a7f160db08e59ba426dc0374407500e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/214e_tardis_union_jack_pillow.jpg" alt="TARDIS Union Jack Pillow" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c96ccf8457773b02c29917c91ee7d39e3eb8209f294a65ca83"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>TARDIS Union Jack Pillow</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c902a775c7d4cb475641a3a899c9f10f41004a2a9afaf8955d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsmg_avenger_reflex_controller_adapt.jpg" alt="Avenger Reflex Controller Adapter" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9b385c22722f9058a721ba881a633738f182e69ca833e8778"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Avenger Reflex Controller Adapter</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c964742cd3ece3768fc94e5ea1103e311a9c768e213fa8f99c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e57_halo2_master_chief_figs.jpg" alt="Halo 2 Master Chief Figures" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c91aa6bb7b7ec21a7c0e5b35bfb44c989ed7e66b5389a463df"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Halo 2 Master Chief Figures</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c915f7ea6dab2bb2a05b017dc8383d21b49930e1542a687ea1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssm_marvel_rechargeable_speakers.jpg" alt="Marvel Rechargeable Speakers" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9b98e9bc6cd46888a700561f34a9d6bcb05aba29a3b325350"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Rechargeable Speakers</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c93a4a628f5d87aa6f93345fb18417184ba6d2e3f837a3aa0b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsso_marvel_headphones.jpg" alt="Marvel Headphones" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c997fa106c7e7548a0f2d1089f67cb7e02bd160435c622af87"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Headphones</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c92c60c164f96aca879cba1ab20dd94dead98d5ebb93e9e30b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hssl_sw_mini_speakers.jpg" alt="Star Wars Rechargeable Mini Speaker" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c991ef1ea5e750472aa4c19f7f2ede115af73e8d4fc98e1035"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Rechargeable Mini Speaker</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c91c1ec30754b2d3b53e95697445a2225ffba4c62342887128" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1df1_heroes_of_storm_bang.jpg" alt="Heroes of the Storm Bang!" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c932a422094f9ce95e71f09eadf59ce00932181dda162edc40"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Heroes of the Storm Bang!</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c927eeefb112e139049c6e47e1ce02553be7ec52714047cef9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvk_edge_plus_device_stand_charge.jpg" alt="Edge Plus Universal Device Stand and Charger" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c96ae1272923da23b005ceb1ff8517d3ce73517ea6abd53b31"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Edge Plus Universal Device Stand and Charger</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c90b57ea6fd8b765bd6cf6a0becb219f097c49897d3d67460e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsvj_gameclutch_universal_clip_controller.jpg" alt="GameClutch Universal Clip Controller" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9961c031cf33b9ce9a3208a4bc96cbfd860c2babbc3299ff4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>GameClutch Universal Clip Controller</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c97730e3f1470bb2f28128b0d008246a6e25ff176ac93e06f5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvm_pacific_rim_7in_deluxe_kaiju_axehead.jpg" alt="Pacific Rim - 7 inch Ultra Deluxe Action Figure - Kaiju Axehead" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c90849399333df7523d0701d242e4bfbebd3231779d3225c60"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Pacific Rim - 7" Ultra Deluxe Action Figure - Kaiju Axehead</b></a></p>
					</li>					
					</ul>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">New Mugs & Glasses!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
					
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c971b89114d5a67af28f38e68750bfb38081ee5b3949fb2441" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/204a_double_heat_changing_skull_mug.gif" alt="Double Heat Changing Skull Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9948300fb575e917c2c0160de6c63f8067c78e5881f69dfb2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Double Heat Changing Skull Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c97ecefd2cfe6958ad5f115b0f65f0805a45b841cce686c988" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d77_crazy_cats_mug_front.jpg" alt="Crazy Cats Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c97f413ebfae9fd006e15c2eb5cf5ab5bd6fb85d867b2ed9e5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Crazy Cats Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c90646c23d2d0fe7b5a80182989869309f24a00b118aafa71b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2053_self_rescuing_princess_mug.jpg" alt="Self-Rescuing Princess Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c95c23dddfc929c211977ca95af8c5cd2f5a6b866ff2d2d117"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Self-Rescuing Princess Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9fe72c47f6ddf479a77ac060f285fa580b2396d61e359b92b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ed4_attack_on_titans_3d_mug.jpg" alt="Attack on Titan 3D Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c92a90bf3cb1ac5cf4ca88c516863032801a7d06996b69252c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Attack on Titan 3D Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9fbe6c46edb3ed27d887a5394b7e125cec36d01d76222bf71" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dae_black_widow_16oz_molded_mug.jpg" alt="Black Widow 16oz Molded Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9cd037b66455cc182d5202aa2d7a6ae2ab15b3aab4a3590c1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Black Widow 16oz Molded Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9223753bade6e33cd6fafa4da6cc8c306417700370d8dcfaa" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1daf_thor_16oz_molded_mug.jpg" alt="Thor 16oz Molded Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c92f3beb2dd47a24ce16aef2e246d7aa3a7104747828261f0b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Thor 16oz Molded Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c939cbf75212f40832e6ea9bb496d3eb1e9769090676915656" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dac_spiderman_16oz_molded_mug.jpg" alt="Spider-man 16oz Molded Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c98c2afafc7c50212b7f8d4b3e53c44be4231d1755a842fa4a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Spider-man 16oz Molded Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c92e4430aa4a0a94d7532267c8218f195e5a4322d333dc482c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1db0_loki_16oz_molded_mug.jpg" alt="Loki 16oz Molded Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c998c0117d1de2bdc1775bb25a61aca5533e528b3d67bb4b3e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Loki 16oz Molded Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9217b980f9b9edc2f5a5aeb17a03b297ce58bd27abe3dc44f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2034_3d_carnage_16oz_mug.jpg" alt="3D Carnage 16oz Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c986687cb5fc4c96535f04f62ab6323d30934be1bb550e2398"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>3D Carnage 16oz Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c91fd269245ca221fa8e49484142e256b280ab7f52f6c8328b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f81_portal2_lemon_grenade_mug.jpg" alt="Portal 2 Lemon Grenade Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9c6141e9598f3cd89cde8ca40fa45cf9e652b23301e18e97a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Portal 2 Lemon Grenade Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c99a0b7b49c3cbf69a46c0e2390a3995edaa1ab5a0500433fc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fa2_breaking_bad_meth_drum_glass.jpg" alt="Breaking Bad 12 oz Meth Drum Glass" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c914192aec47f05b70fe30a0dd97426837b11f5550b095d58d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Breaking Bad 12 oz Meth Drum Glass</b></a></p>
					</li>					
					</ul>
					
					
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">DIY & Science Gifts!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c99ffe3f94ef9a4081b15c0f7eb539e1fdc517e01a534b1d2c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1927_3doodler_3d_printing_pen_combo.jpg" alt="3Doodler 3D Printing Pen" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c92f70eb7d24e2fad14df80bdb43d4b210ef95d420ca9344b0"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>3Doodler 3D Printing Pen</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c91ff146578dab5970bdaa0914601e9258296b78260e3c8c30" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1797_star_wars_miniature_metal_diy_kits.jpg" alt="Star Wars Miniature Metal DIY Model Kits" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c95a57112b415e54de710c69ae41a65668c22e4eb786b058ff"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Miniature Metal DIY Model Kits</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9fd4de3efcf2768bf18b13e659ed9917f343717088c92306f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ed82_theremin_mini_kit.jpg" alt="Theremin Mini Kit" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c92391404688b94671054f4132812c45b79f5b72c40024715c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Theremin Mini Kit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c98106929a35e1178f57e890a3c73dc7a062e761995f545821" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/15b8_crazy_combat_catapults.gif" alt="Crazy Combat Catapults" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9dba5655850a394883c5c3fab36a22c380d41b013f391c28c"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Crazy Combat Catapults</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9bf9773bafc82a18c08268ea1582a1a5a9303bbae2c8e7259" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1504_strandbeest_kit.jpg" alt="Strandbeest Kit" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=4e304950b39779c9f1195fb17877c0023bf67cf8280478d795726ab3abdbaf4b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Strandbeest Kit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d3bbc17ebb4d809cdefaa310b16ff15c6e73c786f45cdd20f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f07f_beginner_solder_tool_kit.jpg" alt="Beginner Solder Tool Kit" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d9d4da2fe6583ab78ebad24778b55969326489e1ff76d7dab"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Beginner Solder Tool Kit</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d1a9283f7c2ed08c37e19730196db6641aa6b3fb7a4e334ee" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e9d4_rootvue.jpg" alt="Root Vue Farm" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0dcffe0eb45fb5e28ff2308642234086921dae3a70f561a394"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Root Vue Farm</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d529c2b0108e97d5b25b84a20ad9a63eb0ba9a948bb29d4c5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1e9a_sprout_growing_pencils.jpg" alt="Sprout Growing Pencils" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0da21fef46391da4203e9e13a4742eb74ec951b385812100b7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sprout Growing Pencils</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			<p style="font: 18px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; float:left; padding: 0px 0px 15px 25px; display:inline; clear:both;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0dfc86662733dbdb7f3b42268ebafbb2cd3574197d664a33c9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b><em>Shop all DIY & Science ></b></em></a></p>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Cyber Week Deals - Extended!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d55b343d64b5f34310df8003a0f0abc4b891bc073aa42291f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c7f_star_wars_first_edition_on-ear_headphones.jpg" alt="Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - 10% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d7eb74c66db5eb8e338dafe53ac98c7b91f992027a5a09f2a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars First Edition On-Ear Headphones - 10% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d4da796701cee371fdb50689937033009d82b37e5da364c71" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1135_star_trek_uniform_polos.jpg" alt="Star Trek Uniform Polos - 17% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d79b7319721cb0aea9b2837de1ad65a628043b7ed9e2ab0a8"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Uniform Polos - 17% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d70e2d5221d73812e1ffa93c7f90182bbbec634ca0f294250" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dfa_batgirl_yoga_pants.jpg " alt="Batgirl Yoga Pants - 25% off" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0da1d846c59178574d6aaf0e15a69863cf647e54869e238c43"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batgirl Yoga Pants - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d6f42ad13cf5c7aee2d22e8ee85dbfae3edb53086706f6d08" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/19fc_chewbacca_rug.jpg" alt="Chewbacca Rugs - 10% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0dc25c8190bf8e094ce7f51a4859a9bcd13968a6e0aae6e581"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Chewbacca Rugs - 10% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d601a7d0c7e45d2106126df07494131f5e00f9390ed778b5d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1a12_shark_glass.jpg" alt="Terror of the Deep Shark Glass - 50% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0df2d0fff55e56f78a4518b84ad1956c732727a43d79ae273f"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Terror of the Deep Shark Glass - 50% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0ddf49af19d0adefc379876e3f3bc4aa9a5bdd3cdb9aa6653b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cb1_rubiks_fridge.jpg" alt="Exclusive Rubik's Cube Fridge - 7% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d2ae8055e24c6089b6fce7d3335865e7baaaa7e86a679fbf7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Rubik's Cube Fridge - 7% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d0811a82ff21a396fd7fd807a4ef925af6c7d34ffd47fc647" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f428_doctor_who_glass_ball_ornament.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Glass Ball Ornament - 40% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0deeca8d3d429e8c2cef171f36405fc9d52b744d8e1273a60a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who Glass Ball Ornament - 40% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0dda39f2e84cc4d952b9baec9d4252737613507c3f4554b1a2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f21_sw_r2-q5_measuring_cup_set.jpg" alt="Exclusive Star Wars R2-Q5 Measuring Cup Set - 10% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0ddd3dc13d506f0163eaeae3c679c7dd9dccd80f39684e5513"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Star Wars R2-Q5 Measuring Cup Set - 10% off</b></a></p>
					</li>			</ul>
					<p style="font: 18px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; float:left; padding: 0px 0px 15px 25px; display:inline; clear:both;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d04f6a15aa32b11ff0b08443275b440e6ccdc1c4c2df28e9e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b><em>See all the deals ></b></em></a></p>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d22fa51be04f7034125627b6902145f948815dbcb8949425a" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-12-03-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="Happy Hothidays!" title="Happy Hothidays!" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>Happy Hothidays!</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d271fbf85d0c1e104ed382b9dffa041b0e6818b5d5d798995" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Platform is Arthritis"</span><br />The clicking of mice:<br />

A symphony for gamers,<br />

A dirge for their hands. </b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Jon from Eau Claire, WI!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d9e5c5888cf9edca120ef41fac9a91aeea9d9ac4bf5db296a" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d9e5c5888cf9edca120ef41fac9a91aeea9d9ac4bf5db296a" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 0px; text-align: center;">
					<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d2423b2f31a09c6c6d7faf7a8090738ed76917fbacb678c65" ><img
src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-05-giftcenterbanner.jpg" width="600" height="75" border="0" title="Holiday Gift Center" alt="Holiday Gift Center" class="giftstationheader" /></a>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 15px 15px; margin: 0px auto; background-color: #eaf5e2;">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">
					<tr>
						<td>
						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Looking for Gifts?</b></span><b><br />Browse by category:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-bottom: 3px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d190fb62bc7686f4a9d41c89ac7e5f3a59b3430d91f13de86" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Bestsellers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d58c0d8bd34ca4347c2b753c259eb395a46486f074242490e" style="color: #134b65;" >Only @ ThinkGeek</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d520ce4f9d7caf460f44a68da385bde37ae5e0719cb1e2d2e" style="color: #134b65;" >Stocking Stuffers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d306e2afb07fec7116d07ca0d5ea75f8f08c5a7e592596f7f" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Decor</a><br />
						
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d03a64a7121b8f3e230f36dd2eeb07bc87764fd84d986b8d5" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Him</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0da2246bc21054b28a7ee957b50e3ce1b86fd9893f609ce57f" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Her</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d897c57b4d0230283a32b227f7e398d8a7817be3c0b4294fd" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Kids</a>
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d368f5a93d9a19bb76f8fd8f3f682fae52916c7d742ca064f" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $10</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d9131dabd2fbe8c249550454c274d652814421ca5dab56276" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $20</a><br />
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Need help?</b></span><br /><b>Monkeys are standing by 24/7:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d3ccf1cc2f321266a9eda317064694eaad34886b44d5912a0" style="color: #134b65;" >Customer Service</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0db9acddbcd3275e442a33d2c9d1163d0e883e55d179c058e1" style="color: #134b65;" >Returns</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0dc48f73008e82b676cf302d296fca1a65f787102585488a61" style="color: #134b65;" >Shipping Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d69ad179a2086c70501ce026d6d3d9f76f21179f111c9e5be" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d92c5be909733cddcb716f9ae59ee23a0d729f2d2f9a5e23f" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Certificates</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0d20457b4aec91a3cf1d7ac96e1c43d508be689b5fa85abe07" style="color: #134b65;" >Wish Lists</a>
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Find us on:</b></span><br /><b>If you need us, we're here!</b><br /><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=b3eaf015f39ecc0df7fbe9c77013fe2182a5cb24ac39b9499e474b73df9b05a9" style="color: #134b65;"  >Facebook</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b26785be4f3a3477747b46b746768670d12971d1fd0f9abd29f09" style="color: #134b65;" >Twitter</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267813353b5c6379ac8db90d2955dc0043347024d366d5f98d27" style="color: #134b65;" >Google+</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678d6fd18ce083de0d013917c07830eac30b3c5cb56d1f23e7d" style="color: #134b65;" >Pinterest</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678d041a653a87e20a31d43e5366703c47e03a5318d6cdafb52" style="color: #134b65;" >Instagram</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267821f588fb7ccd77e4e5a754b3a69b85ad9a52a3b246f347e0" style="color: #134b65;"  >YouTube</a></p>
						</li>
						</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>									
				</td>			
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
				<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;"><em>* Some exclusions apply. See website for details. Valid only at thinkgeek.com.</em></p>
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678063e6b221f340df0f134f732b6063c6225de99f70885fbc5"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678a252d66b44ef38784f5e219485d39fce5ddcb5eaa7454bfa" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678f64d1f5cbecd4e40fba4b4fcff08f8dae9dae4fff998ae5c"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267855c9af750c2926692b83d192c84f9335457efaf20cfcf14f"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b267802053efcbef0065bb72c4c211b2864c89570a066974cc4b8"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678239d8776414af805ed2dc5f9a740032989a99f31bc80bb2d"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678e26d92b5cd3995939eb39439d14a88133e9142ab1f24b4a9"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678f92f927439aebca6d14dc4d7b4b04d911e34d7e81bd3433c"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/youtube.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's YouTube" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=f585e00c8c6b2678e4b637d006f497d941784da63c48a8ed85f4b225599c336c" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--mGPAqob61nsa=_?:--

