Delivered-To: dinsmorealex@gmail.com
Received: by 10.182.152.40 with SMTP id uv8csp262407obb;
        Fri, 7 Nov 2014 10:12:01 -0800 (PST)
X-Received: by 10.236.104.197 with SMTP id i45mr12479376yhg.99.1415383921379;
        Fri, 07 Nov 2014 10:12:01 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67393813-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>
Received: from mta2.email.thinkgeek.com (mta2.email.thinkgeek.com. [68.232.197.130])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id 60si10125901yhw.195.2014.11.07.10.12.01
        for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>;
        Fri, 07 Nov 2014 10:12:01 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67393813-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) client-ip=68.232.197.130;
Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
       spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67393813-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com designates 68.232.197.130 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67393813-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com;
       dkim=pass header.i=@email.thinkgeek.com
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 h=From:To:Subject:Date:List-Unsubscribe:MIME-Version:Reply-To:Message-ID:Content-Type; i=overlords@email.thinkgeek.com;
 bh=+9Ap+6GbKTur0QRrJxrMF1pxBBw=;
 b=mbsSnVA8z7DuqYxiJ+I/+boaRwoPF2fzJMz4WoukeiSqplpQDddbksoCOVheqx2zIwtSzb4N4O12
   0FXbwU8g+3bo6bqs/PymWNbWXeutHWRqFu41+kFXhYP/+e4nMA483z7MqG5xOFcHxXvYWxaAtLIO
   ItrGqSEIXr3eTIf5TEk=
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; q=dns; s=200608; d=email.thinkgeek.com;
 b=PJ21wCMt8mAe0p6fX5bxDYfxvRlO7zp6JOkU9eL2MDwKh5MxtWT8aIEjcH4avHJ+Xb6Dmf9VYc7R
   p7TDIb+9iHqaNShnzoTL4NBUvjHxra6h0h9ruUO4+gHh11pyavBt/cjhEaJ4i2nET7qll7UWZDt2
   XYNVkYW5HR1y2GQAoW0=;
Received: by mta2.email.thinkgeek.com id hbk5n2163hsn for <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>; Fri, 7 Nov 2014 11:40:52 -0600 (envelope-from <bounce-1280659_HTML-969372463-67393813-118714-0@bounce.email.thinkgeek.com>)
From: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <overlords@email.thinkgeek.com>
To: <dinsmorealex@gmail.com>
Subject: ThinkGeek adds a little *HULK SMASH* to your humble abode
Date: Fri, 07 Nov 2014 11:40:49 -0600
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:leave-fc7c15727d6402787c7b28313958-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-fe571277766d07757417-fec915717d630579-ffcf14@leave.email.thinkgeek.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: "ThinkGeek Overlords" <reply-fe571277766d07757417-1280659_HTML-969372463-118714-0@email.thinkgeek.com>
x-job: 118714_67393813
Message-ID: <d0aea8c3-29be-4a3a-a2e3-e17c693032c5@xtinmta4176.xt.local>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="p7RpkXgHx8qe=_?:"

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--p7RpkXgHx8qe=_?:
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

=========================

/* Begin ThinkGeek Plug */

Big Bada Boom

You remember that old rhyme, "In fourteen-hundred ninety two,
Ensisheim struck the planet blue?" No? Well, that might be
because we just made it up, but it's still a fact. On this day
over 500 years ago (just before noon local time), a meteorite
fell in a field outside of Ensisheim in what's now France and was
heard 100 miles away. Known as the "thunderstone of Ensisheim,"
it is now recognized as the oldest witnessed meteorite fall in
the West from which pieces are preserved, as well as the oldest
meteorite with a precise date of impact (thanks to the advent of
movable type). Neato, huh? And from oldest things, we take you to
our newest things, the first of which also makes a big bada
boom....

New for the holidays! Flat rate shipping for the continental U.S.
starting at just $6.95!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a21b6980fbd9e5306b861a725203427e19dab946bce3719a
rate.html

3D Deco Superhero Wall Lights ###################################

New Spider-Man Head and Exclusive Hulk Head

You guys said you wanted more options, so we now have a few more.
For those of you seeing these for the first time, these 3D Deco
Superhero Wall Lights will help you see in the dark. Just place
them wherever you need a little more light at night (they're
battery powered, so no need to look for an outlet), and they'll
provide a super glow. Choose Captain America Shield, Hulk Fist,
Hulk Head, Iron Man Hand, Iron Man Mask, Spider-Man Hand,
Spider-Man Head, or Thor Hammer. The background sticker that
comes with them makes it look as if the item is breaking through
the wall. Choose both Iron Man's Mask and Hand or Hulk's Fist and
Head (which is our exclusive) for an even more impressive
installation.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771d379e0bf63d6d2d98d0063bbe175a03e33b410c2f96640a


30% off All Apparel #############################################

Apparel is some of our favorite stuff to wear. And as you can see
in these pictures, apparel is more than just shirts!

Use code WEARIT until 11:59pm PT 11/10/14. 

Cover thy body:
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77cf0f75d6b4e8655c962b94766b3dc270abb5dc08e02c1692


What's New(s)! ##################################################

Exclusive Legend of Zelda Polos - Great for Hyrule Friday

Sometimes, you have to dress up nice for work. And sometimes, you
can be a little more relaxed. Those relaxed times are when we can
show our true colors (sometimes literally). These two Legend of
Zelda polos are perfect for any casual situation you find
yourself in, especially when you have to show your allegiance to
the Royal Family of Hyrule. One polo has an embroidered Hylian
Shield, while the other has an embroidered Hyrule Emblem. No
boring alligators or horseback game players for you! Take your
business casual to Hyrule and back again!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77fa16e20dd2dc42001cbcf9f7e359627c8e179a46faee2731


Star Trek Retro Tech Tote Bag - To boldly stow

Space: the final frontier. With this tote at your side, you can
explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new
civilizations, and boldly go where no bag has gone before. This
Star Trek Retro Tech Tote Bag features the red, blue, and gold
division colors of ST:TOS along with a silver enterprise stitched
on the exterior. The interior features a sweet Star-Trek-themed
lining and padding all around, so you can keep your tricorder in
here without worrying about busting it. The top closes with a
double zipper to keep all your stuff safe, and the bottom is a
single piece of textured polyurethane so if you put it in a
puddle while you're on another planet with your landing party,
you won't have to worry if it's water. Now if it's acid, we can't
help you so much....
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77280b8e5ea19c72df93091ac6b039a22654e91f2c475cd975


New Antiquarian Blank Books - Words and pictures not included

Old books are the best. They smell good, they feel good in your
hands, they look good on your shelf, and they are full of all
sorts of words (many of which are good). But there's just one
problem: no matter how much you want to, it's frowned upon to
write in old books. So, that's why we found these old-looking
books! They're all patterned after real old books (some as old as
1697!), but they are totally blank. This way, you can fill them
with your own doodles, sonnets, design sketches, or whatever
greatness you wish to en-tome. And some day, when you are long
dead, people will gaze at your brilliance (and wish they could
write all over it).
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77fcac9a1b356fe4f7ed98e42b04145a678f2d8664ef399970


Limited Edition Gold Ferrofluid - AU!

Ferrofluid is magical. Ok, it's not really - it's magnetic. It
sits in a suspension liquid watching and waiting. When you bring
a magnet near, that's when the ferrofluid jumps to life! It leaps
to the magnet, quickly swimming through its suspension liquid,
and becomes all spikey. These spikes are actually illustrating
the magnetic fields! Now, move the magnet around or add your own
magnets and watch the gold liquid dance around inside its glass
home. You'll swear it's alive and your friend, but you'd be
wrong. But only partly. Because, while it's not alive, your
Limited Edition Gold Ferrofluid definitely loves you.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77df3618d6c6b9b0faef46f581f97451d65a9cccdb369e885b


Tigerdome Backpacks - Put a tank in your tiger

When we think about beasts of burden, big cats are generally not
anywhere on the list. Now that we think about it, though, Battle
Cat probably had a few saddlebags. Still, cats are generally not
known for being useful pack animals. Until now. These Tigerdome
Backpacks can lend you a paw when you have a little something
extra to carry. Anvils are right out. Pointy things with sharp
corners? No way. However, they're great for holding something
small and lightweight. They'd basically be perfect for storing a
jacket you might need while you're out or a fleece throw. Of
course, if you do that, you're likely to come home and find your
own cat curled up inside your Tigerdome, which could be kinda
cute.
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77104f281f903ce31528ccb1b6aa60c2fd562cb8f2332cb349


Crazy New Audio Goodies - Music and sound everywhere!

As Freddy Nietzsche once said, "Without music, life would be a
mistake." He then had someone pass him his axe and rocked the
house down. The point is: we want to listen to our music no
matter where we are, and we want it to sound great. So, we've
assembled a collection of things to help us do that. The
Cathedral Radio CD is a classy way to blast your tunes through a
room, while the Sound Lounge lets you also do that AND put your
feet up. Got some old tech you need to adapt? Then the Tape 2 GO
and/or Bluetooth Cassette Adapter are just what you need. And, if
all you need is a portable speaker to sing your songs to the
world, snag yourself a SoundBomb. Get them all, and you'll be as
awesome as Nietzsche's mustache!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771bc23419976b5eeb458e5ade7540c1ff9c96492bd5f7894a
audio/newest/desc/0/100


Puppets, Lobsters, and Giant Hands - Why not?

Ready to be the weirdest bulb in the tree? Got some time on your
hands and looking for a place to stick it? Have we got some stuff
for you! If you just need a new way to express yourself, try the
Creepy Horseman Puppet. It's a puppet that's half man, half
horse, and half WTF?!? If, perhaps, you just need a better grasp
on life, then the Giant Man Hands are for you. Just slip them on
over your puny mitts, and you'll be ready to grab the horns by
its world! And, when all else fails, slip your hands into a pair
of Why Not Lobster Hands? Now you have all the power of your
favorite Decapodian hero: Dr. John Z! Or, if you have multiple
arms, you can wear 'em all at once (we're looking at you, Elzar).
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c95fc5fe8ca91980253a7d1561dce32152f97dd577f20e60


NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet & Accessories - What are you waiting for?

You probably already know about the NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet, a
brilliant mix of power, portability, and performance. Its NVIDIA
Tegra K1 mobile processor taps into the same Kepler architecture
that drives the world's most extreme gaming PCs. If you are a
gamer, this is the tablet you dream about, desire, and deserve.
But maybe you haven't dove in yet? Allow us to introduce you to
some of its little friends. The NVIDIA SHIELD Wireless Controller
is a precision device designed with ultra-low latency Wi-Fi
connectivity for both Android and PC gaming, in addition to being
compatible with both the NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet and the SHIELD
Portable. The NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet Cover is super strong, with a
microfiber lining for protection, and doubles as a stand,
offering a variety of flexible positions to make gaming and
entertainment more enjoyable. So what are you waiting for?
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779079a1f8850ebe3e149d362a405ec95da033266a3fb225ee
gaming/


Pacific Rim 18" Gipsy Danger Deluxe Action Figure - Lights up!

When monsters from another dimension break through the ocean
floor, there's only one thing to do: build giant robots to punch
them away. Gipsy Danger was one of those robots; perhaps THE most
important of those robots. And now, to celebrate our victory over
the Kaiju, there's an 18" action figure of Gipsy Danger.
Appropriately battle damaged, this Gipsy features lights in the
head and chest and a secondary light system for the Plastmacaster
(for when you want to do some blasting). Plus, there's a
removable Chain Sword (for when you need to slice and dice).
Throw in over 14 points of articulation, and this Gipsy Danger
can get into almost all the same poses as the original real giant
robot from the documentary "Pacific Rim."  
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b67f2653ea97fd66c188b6568e7e2fd0c1a6ac8a2627d78e


New Calendars for 2015 - Dates for all your days

We have all sorts of ways to keep track of your days - and all of
them involve some of our favorite things. If you like putting a
calendar on your wall, then you should get a Monty Python or
Alien Quadrilogy calendar. Each features photos and silliness (or
scariness) from really creative TV shows and films. If you like
your dates all over your desk, then you'll be wanting the Zombies
or Quotes from George R. R. Martin desk calendars. Both feature
all sorts of behind the scenes survival information about
creatures who want to remove your head... or zombies. Or, just
get all four and become a date-obsessed Batman villain. 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77545ccc4cdad534b12007fccdff88704f2871db233d56efaa
newest/desc/0/100


Happy N7 Day, Mass Effect fans!

In honor of this annual event, the official Bioware store has
been celebrating with new releases all week long including an
exclusive N7 Day 2014 t-shirt, a limited-edition Tali Statue, a
N7 faux-leather jacket inspired by Commander Shepard's iconic N7
leather jacket, and today's new "N7: Tagged" limited edition
lithograph by Sam Spratt. Plus, save on hoodies and t-shirts
through Monday, 11/10 (pre-sale items are excluded).
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778be449ac7c543e91d5135912a19bdc1890bb122e79b8bcfd
20141107tgn7day


Quick Blurbs! ###################################################

See this email in glorious 4-color process HTML!
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a38e6393c01ff9b456370956a366069edee1eb0f596ac137

T-Bones Tea Infuser
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7703852224d6d922ed71363d27450ec47e5319302c68694616

Skeleton Dangle Earrings
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f1d2ef986500e073d22e83fc7e2effca3b9e385a5982e1bb

My Little Pony Series 2 Blind Box
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779979b5c02376fbed905955e1abed7ef5ad663ed0ab7c39b2

Star Trek Mimobot Thumb Drives
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773293f716ff855d1cef510853a4d13f4a1fd0758ddf96e63b

The Walking Dead Sheriff Grimes Badge Prop Replica
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a0da9ffe340bc58a238ae08639313d5f88b207d41c90a99b

Dota 2 8" Rubick Plush
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b005df00178296d35ea1c72969e12ccd1af68893f51187d7

Batman Death of the Family Book and Mask Set
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773e23f7c15a5fa670fb22107a9db92ebb080912d02c2b484e

John Scalzi's Lock In Autographed Edition Limited to 300 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7763ff02481a69dc83f7a5a9d7553184d10a91d93aab6d890f

Sonic Pixel Bricks
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775cb25d8dd85be05241f54da7bb016729daffdc492c0e4845

Bioshock Infinite 7" Booker Figure
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77cd86ba3ce5b3897eab098495385e4ddce99f9ff1e97c76c8

Captain America Shield Necklace
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774f18811f13683bacfcbf3c6cabf9c0118e12e24482f891f4

Captain America 16oz Molded Mug
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779e64e95116af0ef4a04a8989aa7063e3fcab06d72f617299

Game of Thrones Dothraki Living Language
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ebd5ec8494d8d5310c4e5f8549c053c1f7215e5542e453b1

Star Trek Retro Tech Card Holder
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77af4d250b544ab60fb49e25849666ac4c0b5d01e72b2a0281

Star Trek Uniform Coin Purses
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e5ded1313f7a5d86a440d4e2d0936295a335e1e9f9fd50fa

New Apparel! ####################################################

Half the Battle
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778fb7ef6d53a85aced369cba7a703b31cebb9155765bafaec

Star Wars Pop Boxes Hi-Lo Ladies' Tank Top
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7704740e48ecae9472b12a2c57c68162a2bfe3e7cd7eed7138

Spin It My Friend
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c782582fdd70f214d04bfea706b1362d710db3a64d317a7a

Fett Rising
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77bd632f84734a11a72f2d09273b3be321df0e48bd8a822e80

Poison Ivy 3-Pack Panties
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7756320082c0c85489af615e2c4877810ecaa8590a1e2e12be

Wonder Woman 3-Pack Panties
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77cd7cc6bba90fa2f02106f4354513b6c00c5534b19b47216a

Back to The Future Ladies' Raglan Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7709629f0be16f48b8ec44309cf149bd96df05564390b1a3cb

Portal Scarf
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773c1b178fe61cfe504fe86acdd290b0f033c9137b403990e1

Princess Leia Dress
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7721d38eb1ac367e94de33348ee9d5d57b5cae5782fdae05c1

Doctor Who Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778485da83d52e0e009f67cddd19d7c327ee7a9b5ed6e94d9a

Batman Flipeez Kids' Hat
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771c5515f9e52e29a1179842a38542bba0fb867fe45a13f375

TMNT Flipeez Kids' Hat
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f770658d6853123123ba48d977442a51f880dcfacfccbffa512

The Avengers Chibi Team Fitted Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c90e2788cf7d5393eb3471de60b1455f6b9ebbb7372e94d9

Chibi Captain America Fitted Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b9ca3265ea730fd5ad65505046fd63e4b25df517d7ff18de

Ren and Stimpy Neon Lines Fitted Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77dfa8f553b1ac5f81bf0d024fd98a139ab4c6d0b4e87ca0a8

CatDog Fitted Ladies' Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775e59fab76f0161a18ca295d19618478b10722a84b75d2cd7

Exclusive Star Wars Symbols Infinity Scarf 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f772914152938e3e0cb61dd465b4e4cda3aaa8b43618ff5c45b

Exclusive Classic Blue Beetle
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7745081229e669a509f94b57fdb7ecaa1e5560a905d5c5fbf4

Exclusive Classic Booster Gold
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ce814b2ef27eee9a02da34f51f2c48bd0d3cbef1f718417b

Normandy Sublimation Tee
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775a633950293e6358b83b76e09aa01d2b1de9ffdca22eeea4

Exclusive Harley's Motorcycles
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77eec789038982a72802b66b2899f730a4ddd26f4a99bd14b2

Visit Amity Island
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f776659b80b8a7ab5d80afb0885d716f24d2f4dec5de3e881d8

Pity The Fool
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7753d54784901b1002fd9cf0404b7acb3d61f2256877ea978f

TMNT Villians
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77aab275616d817715e4b8e094b3216cd49b2f42b8e3be92ab

Exclusive Autobot Gearbot Logo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775747c9a3ff3ad78a694962a977f5a3735db03288e41650f7

Exclusive Decepticon Gearbot Logo
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ca30dad62ac0212f66d96596fed5f817d3637768c11e7c2b

Spider-Man Ladies' Hooded Tank Top
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a42ff42d073ac00a52534bd9862d26df21ce37ed3f99efa9

SCOTTeVEST Tec Hat
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f772210b9532f0428b9f7c08fb72d2d5821ffc1c88040eb06db

Shinies on Sale!  ###############################################

Marvel Auto Coaster Set - 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7768b68d98a844f7c46ddb3e6f7978a470503f88987d298e2e

Plush Unicorn Bouquet - 40% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7723a6d1426e4498396c82be731c4caee85ba9123e9928dc14

DIY Solar System - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b9c0ce6cba02ad1b38fc4f65fdfd96e1d1500809679bc7bd

LED Binary Clock - up to 33% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77532c4c4bef4751089681e1c32bfa4484f211f4cc5dcb776d

Sound Splash Bluetooth Waterproof Shower Speaker - 30% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77cd6f80522997922ee5ac484269e46e690667aa505c049f2f

Star Wars Icon Backpacks - up to 20% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77bf5335e339f515396f069e23263edfdb8b2aebf3ab602afd

Nightmare Before Christmas Ceramic Watch - 33% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7788a770f7c8ca5891ca0e0485cf9444ab25aaf743083cd797

Plan- B Evac Sling Pack - 14% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77eb4e022e3a650b029da1b398c8a900a9f741e458caac3cc2

Minecraft Light-Up Redstone Ore - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e86977317c770a47caac50372f83ac556bde8576f4372f1a

Minecraft Foam Diamond Sword - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c040c8b2c53694baa95b974da2cd85347ab734ed5fb19622

Minecraft Light-Up Torch  - 28% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773ce1e8784e0456ef5b507e999822290db116edd58109a237

Minecraft Foam Pickaxe - 25% off
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e30ae002b9c128e465d13f79784e494e427148ee18dcc659

The Latest Action Shot Winner ###################################

ThinkGeek Action Shots. Get Famous now.

Latest Newsletter Winner: Fire Flower FTW!

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779cb28966f24750d0ba2ed5aa02a5ed4bde0bd05300bd50ae

Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots
and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774bb6f0efe2f3d2d529848a2e957433660ae3e69b2662042d

The Latest Techie Haiku Winner ##################################

The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is Joshua from
Collinsville, IL! We lovingly title this winning haiku
"Deception":

The world's greatest lie
with the click of a button:
"I have read these terms"

Send us your original HAIKU and we'll select one winner and print
it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for
all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate.
Get creative! More details and rules:

>>   http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77d6c7823dfb381c2f6f3af439251108579e53533b4c27aeb8

Find Us! ########################################################

Facebook 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ea1797a31b8d813a326b9d75575d3b86a374454854efe8af

Google+
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77aaa1450872308031305e0af07c48dd205a6cf391e3aaa762

Twitter 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7774ea49afec8c3597f79f7e947251e793e6bdcfebf4efc68d

Pinterest
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77fc0cf4c29b85b06ff60b69415840450ddab9a8a9858b1a65

YouTube
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7754fcb84d20b31097187f7ba7c6a20fc4fb3a93f9d0209ff2

Instagram
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77266f9057e05e3c9d92e2e47c17ea81e9853566fc1f1bbc09

Visit Our Interwebz Home ########################################

ThinkGeek 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77fb6d6455a20eeacb1446f1b5de56420676d4ea5ae3ddba55

T-Shirts & Apparel 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7706daba0cc7f350b2c02278daeac0444a75a3b16a331fedd6

Home & Office
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c698e58676bffe7fe208c5ff74f6e289c1459631b86bc6df

Geek Toys 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f870b1e46825781c4c0faabefed66c3e6e20f195eeeceb43

Tools, Outdoor & Survival
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f770e9701be8733d3272f07cb8885790475d7e847f39067f2be

Electronics & Gadgets 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771b2ce160dd2bbdf2bcead758d8670ef6c415a11ae0b757dd

What's New 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ae991cd29b67eb7e3c4a0bae2e6ed94180beee87f2962a3e

On Sale 
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7721cc6dbe0e08c31a7c73734e96dcd15d9d5cbdb0e6ea8ceb

Questions? Comments? ############################################

* To no longer receive our emails  --> http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c54731384f1fc2c4b93851d911c06ecf5b9f38ce2e36ec0f *
About returns or order info --> help@thinkgeek.com * For ideas
or suggestions --> reply to this email

or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.

Privacy Policy  #################################################

We only ever email folks that requested them at some point
(either when you made a purchase on our site or if you entered
into one of our sweepstakes). If you no longer wish to get these
emails, we'll be a little sad, but we won't take it personally.

ThinkGeek will never rent or sell any of your personal
information, including your email address, to third parties.
Check out our entire privacy policy for more details:

http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a6ad40368ecb777c5c27f89a12a326504a9357247c9669a2

This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100,
Fairfax, VA 22030
United States

#################################################################
J  O  I  N    I  N .   G  E  E  K    O  U  T. 
#################################################################
http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77fb6d6455a20eeacb1446f1b5de56420676d4ea5ae3ddba55 
 
/* End ThinkGeek Plug */


--p7RpkXgHx8qe=_?:
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

<img src="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/open.aspx?ffcb10-fe571277766d07757417-fde11c787d6c0d7c72117875-fec915717d630579-fe9015727d6402787c-fe1e1d767c67037f711273-ffcf14&d=10039" width="1" height="1">

<html>
<style>
	body {margin: 0px; font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;}
	a:link {text-decoration: none;}
	a:hover {text-decoration: underline !important;}
	a:active {text-decoration: underline;}
		
	@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 320px !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 305px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=haiku] {margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=actionshot] {padding: 0px !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important; float: none !important;}
		[class=privacy] {padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 320px !important; height: 60px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
	@media only screen and (min-device-width: 481px) and (max-device-width: 800px) { 
		html {-webkit-text-size-adjust:none;}
		[class=hide] {display: none !important;}
		[class=mobile] {width: 500px !important;}
		[class=feature] {width: 475px !important; margin: 5px !important;}
		[class=intro] {width: 90% !important;}
		[class=logo] {width: 171px !important; height: 38px !important;}
		[class=news] {font-size: 15px !important; margin: 0px 5px 5px 0px !important;}
		[class=giftstationheader] {width: 500px !important; height: 70px !important;}		
		[class=giftstation] {float: none !important; height: auto !important; width: 100% !important; margin-bottom: 10px !important;}

	}
</style>

<body><style type="text/css">
div.preheader 
{ display: none !important; } 
</style>
<div class="preheader" style="font-size: 1px; display: none !important;">Plus, new flat rate shipping & 30% off ALL apparel until 11/10!</div>

<div style="background-color: #384245; width: 100%; padding: 10px 0px;">

<table align="center" width="600" class="mobile">
	<tr>
		<td>
		
		<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #ffffff; text-align: center; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="hide">Can't see the awesome? <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779050eae690806ba66e9fd07c347cd17c63c77b0eb7230995" style="color: #7cc04b;">View for mobile</a> or <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779050eae690806ba66e9fd07c347cd17c63c77b0eb7230995" style="color: #7cc04b;">open in browser</a>.</p>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #384245">
		<tr>
			<td align="left" style="padding: 0px 0px 8px 0px;" valign="bottom">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773e6312277420981875939fbc0e9319f431183aed7efaac11" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/new-tg-logo-email-.png" alt="ThinkGeek" title="Awesomeness inside!" border="0" width="230" height="50" class="logo"></a>
			</td>
			<td align="right" valign="bottom">
				<img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/2014-holidaytimmy.png" width="77" height="52" style="vertical-align: bottom; display:block;" valign="bottom" alt="Timmy!" title="Timmy!" class="hide" /></h3>
			</td>
		</tr>
		</table>
		
		<table width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="background-color: #ffffff;">
		<tr>
			<td valign="top">
				<table class="hide" width="100%" style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 1px solid #484d4e; border-top: 1px solid #484d4e; background-color: #484d4e;" cellpadding="8" cellspacing="0">
				<tr>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f6d972a753b2995b7dc1c6421c490197366085f4679275a2" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>WHAT'S NEW</b></a></td>	
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779847251f1701da245232e46b77dad481d783ee3726b825cf" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>T-SHIRTS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7781118451932c77c6e293284436d7b1436fd9c7f443a00e37" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GEEK TOYS</b></a></td>
					<td style="border-right: 1px solid #484d4e; padding-top: 10px; background-color:#2f383a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c884097f86e03545423dd587265606a373657899ac10136c" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GADGETS</b></a></td>
					<td style="padding-top: 10px; background-color:#96141a;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771e87a05e5e781112747e31688c362ec53e61e4286654f71a" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><b>GIFT CENTER</b></a></td>
				</tr>
				</table>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
				<td style="background-color: #7cc04b; border-top: 5px solid #ffffff;">
				<p style="font: 14px Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #ffffff !important; padding: 8px 5px 8px 5px; margin: 0px; text-align: center;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7784fb81a0d2b34cfbaecd75d886910f16c100f700a88f3f3b" style="color: #ffffff; font-size: 14px;" ><strong>New for the holidays!</strong> Flat rate shipping for the continental U.S. starting at just $6.95!</a></p>
				</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="text-align: center;">
				<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e59112534091db9c49f49cde024c3c96aa5661af0bd4cfcb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-3ddeco.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="3D Deco Superhero Wall Lights" title="New Spider-Man Head and Exclusive Hulk Head" class="feature" style="margin: 10px 0px 0px 0px;" /></a><br /><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77efed4244458e69e782de7735ef9c76db3126459314d3d818" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-30offapparel.jpg" width="575" border="0" alt="30% off All Apparel" title="Use code WEARIT until 11:59pm PT 11/10/14." class="feature" style="margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" /></a>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td style="background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 12px 0px; border-bottom: 10px solid #384245;">
				<h3 style="margin: 0px; font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px;" class="intro">Big Bada Boom</h3>
				
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000; margin: 0px; padding: 10px 10px 10px 16px; width: 85%;" class="intro">You remember that old rhyme, "In fourteen-hundred ninety two, Ensisheim struck the planet blue?" No? Well, that might be because we just made it up, but it's still a fact. On this day over 500 years ago (just before noon local time), a meteorite fell in a field outside of Ensisheim in what's now France and was heard 100 miles away. Known as the "thunderstone of Ensisheim," it is now recognized as the oldest witnessed meteorite fall in the West from which pieces are preserved, as well as the oldest meteorite with a precise date of impact (thanks
 to the advent of movable type). Neato, huh? And from oldest things, we take you to our newest things, the first of which also makes a big bada boom....</p>
			</td>			
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
			
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 0px 15px; margin: 0px;">What's New at ThinkGeek!</h3>
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">				<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7760a3fb9b2eb41565fef745c4db59338020683f97ada8a76c" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Exclusive Legend of Zelda Polos - Great for Hyrule Friday</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f770054624f18d3daf1e18abbaf0b93613307e38163f207f176" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/213d_legend_of_zelda_polos.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Exclusive Legend of Zelda Polos - Great for Hyrule Friday" width="130" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Sometimes, you have to dress up nice for work. And sometimes, you can be a little more relaxed. Those relaxed times are when we can show our true colors (sometimes literally). These two Legend of Zelda polos are perfect for any casual situation you find yourself in, especially when you have to show your allegiance to the Royal Family of Hyrule. One polo has an embroidered Hylian Shield, while the other has an embroidered Hyrule Emblem. No boring alligators or horseback game players for you! Take your business casual to Hyrule and back again!							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7766e18d0d24ab3a00e11e5006e3edecb71c4f9b4dea102e5d" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Star Trek Retro Tech Tote Bag - To boldly stow</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77aad221265b7df9d32b0d4fc7f677a56d114d068737b0c5a6" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hrnj_st_retro_tech_tote_bag.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Star Trek Retro Tech Tote Bag - To boldly stow" width="" height="" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Space: the final frontier. With this tote at your side, you can explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no bag has gone before. This Star Trek Retro Tech Tote Bag features the red, blue, and gold division colors of ST:TOS along with a silver enterprise stitched on the exterior. The interior features a sweet Star-Trek-themed lining and padding all around, so you can keep your tricorder in here without worrying about busting it. The top closes with a double zipper to keep all your stuff safe, and the bottom is a single piece of textured polyurethane so if you put it
 in a puddle while you're on another planet with your landing party, you won't have to worry if it's water. Now if it's acid, we can't help you so much....						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774a2fea51636e1fc405bde5867223332cacc78f736e9317f9" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Antiquarian Blank Books - Words and pictures not included</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f8aa66e63969a19059aef47996c930a54966ec0b67ee4a14" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-journals.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Antiquarian Blank Books - Words and pictures not included" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Old books are the best. They smell good, they feel good in your hands, they look good on your shelf, and they are full of all sorts of words (many of which are good). But there's just one problem: no matter how much you want to, it's frowned upon to write in old books. So, that's why we found these old-looking books! They're all patterned after real old books (some as old as 1697!), but they are totally blank. This way, you can fill them with your own doodles, sonnets, design sketches, or whatever greatness you wish to en-tome. And some day, when you are long dead, people will gaze at your brilliance (and wish
 they could write all over it).							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77442890beb2441b0d68a70911b2e1c42d9abfa429b84e736a" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Limited Edition Gold Ferrofluid - AU!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f772a72478900d9fa0fff102316b4f2f84013920b0db36322fa" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hshl_limited_edition_gold_ferrofluid.gif " alt="If your images were on you'd see Limited Edition Gold Ferrofluid - AU!" width="" height="" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Ferrofluid is magical. Ok, it's not really - it's magnetic. It sits in a suspension liquid watching and waiting. When you bring a magnet near, that's when the ferrofluid jumps to life! It leaps to the magnet, quickly swimming through its suspension liquid, and becomes all spikey. These spikes are actually illustrating the magnetic fields! Now, move the magnet around or add your own magnets and watch the gold liquid dance around inside its glass home. You'll swear it's alive and your friend, but you'd be wrong. But only partly. Because, while it's not alive, your Limited Edition Gold Ferrofluid definitely loves
 you.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f6c615882d5387b223843f5e43a4c8eea42411a05328008a" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Tigerdome Backpacks - Put a tank in your tiger</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77898d1c104ce001000d7dd68f67f1dcded859d772ef2276e3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/hsto_tigerdome_backpack.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Tigerdome Backpacks - Put a tank in your tiger" width="130" height="126" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">When we think about beasts of burden, big cats are generally not anywhere on the list. Now that we think about it, though, Battle Cat probably had a few saddlebags. Still, cats are generally not known for being useful pack animals. Until now. These Tigerdome Backpacks can lend you a paw when you have a little something extra to carry. Anvils are right out. Pointy things with sharp corners? No way. However, they're great for holding something small and lightweight. They'd basically be perfect for storing a jacket you might need while you're out or a fleece throw. Of course, if you do that, you're likely to come
 home and find your own cat curled up inside your Tigerdome, which could be kinda cute.							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7741f606acb29435840fc3c645a3971b3c6c8e6cf2f63af270" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Crazy New Audio Goodies - Music and sound everywhere!</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779c6a2b32779665b20128e3d0ffeba47c1475f03905749c4e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-electronics.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Crazy New Audio Goodies - Music and sound everywhere!" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">As Freddy Nietzsche once said, "Without music, life would be a mistake." He then had someone pass him his axe and rocked the house down. The point is: we want to listen to our music no matter where we are, and we want it to sound great. So, we've assembled a collection of things to help us do that. The Cathedral Radio CD is a classy way to blast your tunes through a room, while the Sound Lounge lets you also do that AND put your feet up. Got some old tech you need to adapt? Then the Tape 2 GO and/or Bluetooth Cassette Adapter are just what you need. And, if all you need is a portable speaker to sing your songs
 to the world, snag yourself a SoundBomb. Get them all, and you'll be as awesome as Nietzsche's mustache!						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c0c9a989995aea0126afa659be4c9d095a21401f5c79b077" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Puppets, Lobsters, and Giant Hands - Why not?</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775aef3de3b176d3c1afaffd1b91b1f209307f45ed6ac8fad4" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-puppets.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see Puppets, Lobsters, and Giant Hands - Why not?" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">Ready to be the weirdest bulb in the tree? Got some time on your hands and looking for a place to stick it? Have we got some stuff for you! If you just need a new way to express yourself, try the Creepy Horseman Puppet. It's a puppet that's half man, half horse, and half WTF?!? If, perhaps, you just need a better grasp on life, then the Giant Man Hands are for you. Just slip them on over your puny mitts, and you'll be ready to grab the horns by its world! And, when all else fails, slip your hands into a pair of Why Not Lobster Hands? Now you have all the power of your favorite Decapodian hero: Dr. John Z! Or, if
 you have multiple arms, you can wear 'em all at once (we're looking at you, Elzar).							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f777315ee0ee6e01ddcd1bb61d17ba3898d75d744f4464a95f0" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet & Accessories - What are you waiting for?</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77580a2d9e8848700da81186502cdb8d5c848e1c257c94199a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-nvidia.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet & Accessories - What are you waiting for?" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">You probably already know about the NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet, a brilliant mix of power, portability, and performance. Its NVIDIA Tegra K1 mobile processor taps into the same Kepler architecture that drives the world's most extreme gaming PCs. If you are a gamer, this is the tablet you dream about, desire, and deserve. But maybe you haven't dove in yet? Allow us to introduce you to some of its little friends. The NVIDIA SHIELD Wireless Controller is a precision device designed with ultra-low latency Wi-Fi connectivity for both Android and PC gaming, in addition to being compatible with both the NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet
 and the SHIELD Portable. The NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet Cover is super strong, with a microfiber lining for protection, and doubles as a stand, offering a variety of flexible positions to make gaming and entertainment more enjoyable. So what are you waiting for?						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774edd3495a972073da5e569a3d6f4ef720f621f14408a4c32" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Pacific Rim 18" Gipsy Danger Deluxe Action Figure - Lights up!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775743f194a1932ef02b1bba8d841442e63accc81cfbca6232" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/large/13e9_18_in_gipsy_danger_battle.jpg " alt="If your images were on you'd see Pacific Rim 18 inch Gipsy Danger Deluxe Action Figure - Lights up!" width="" height="" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">When monsters from another dimension break through the ocean floor, there's only one thing to do: build giant robots to punch them away. Gipsy Danger was one of those robots; perhaps THE most important of those robots. And now, to celebrate our victory over the Kaiju, there's an 18" action figure of Gipsy Danger. Appropriately battle damaged, this Gipsy features lights in the head and chest and a secondary light system for the Plastmacaster (for when you want to do some blasting). Plus, there's a removable Chain Sword (for when you need to slice and dice). Throw in over 14 points of articulation, and this Gipsy
 Danger can get into almost all the same poses as the original real giant robot from the documentary "Pacific Rim."							</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c25b3741d0adbe1023f62aa4719ec45824c51357cae32fc1" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >New Calendars for 2015 - Dates for all your days</a>
						</h3>
												<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77953945c7fb2851e00f08d00e10a2723ba56c5405edbd85cb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-calendars.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see New Calendars for 2015 - Dates for all your days" width="140" height="180" border="0" align="right" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
						
<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">We have all sorts of ways to keep track of your days - and all of them involve some of our favorite things. If you like putting a calendar on your wall, then you should get a Monty Python or Alien Quadrilogy calendar. Each features photos and silliness (or scariness) from really creative TV shows and films. If you like your dates all over your desk, then you'll be wanting the Zombies or Quotes from George R. R. Martin desk calendars. Both feature all sorts of behind the scenes survival information about creatures who want to remove your head... or zombies. Or, just get all four and become a date-obsessed Batman
 villain.						</p>					</td>
				</tr>
								<tr>
					<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; padding: 20px 20px 10px 15px;">
						<h3 style="font: 17px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #134b65 !important; padding: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0px;">		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f8adc0814106a9d7d57cebda289f57f17ebcf78730517002" style="text-decoration: none; color: #134b65 !important;" >Happy N7 Day, Mass Effect fans!</a>
						</h3>
													<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771cf458c28900bf9cd3d86b03e0e565ba900caca0eee4a726" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/tg-email-n7day_.jpg" alt="If your images were on you'd see N7 Day" width="140" height="140" border="0" align="left" style="padding: 15px 25px 20px 0px;"></a>
							<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 20px; color: #000000;">In honor of this annual event, <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f776cf19c626dcd310808f9347138d3aa09ccf226f7a8ffecd3"  style="color: #134b65;">the official Bioware store</a> has been celebrating with new releases all week long including an exclusive N7 Day 2014 t-shirt, a limited-edition Tali Statue, a N7 faux-leather jacket inspired by Commander Shepard's iconic N7 leather jacket, and today's new "N7: Tagged" limited edition lithograph by Sam Spratt. Plus, save on hoodies and t-shirts through Monday, 11/10 (pre-sale items are excluded).</p>					</td>
				</tr>
				
			</table>	

		<!-- NEW APPAREL -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245;">New Apparel!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77bd4f7275922bb3c23ee82664930cbb8d38976ad919cafc63" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20d0_half_the_battle_dd.jpg" alt="Half the Battle" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f87037798ecbddf2b8e610efaf2a541f807daec6dc3b598a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Half the Battle</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779c2f72386c528b2f0d2b043307201ffee6afbca8d71592f3" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1fd5_star_wars_pop_boxes_hi_lo_ladies_tank_top_dd.jpg" alt="Star Wars Pop Boxes Hi-Lo Ladies' Tank Top" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7742ad2e141fca0ffdefae9bbad3a569636027ddd9b68c7907"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Pop Boxes Hi-Lo Ladies' Tank Top</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779daa721fefb65ba387373648c417c8b3e44186ffd88a2239" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/20bd_spin_it_my_friend_dd.jpg" alt="Spin It My Friend" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77de87004a8fb0429dbeceb8270d178578a674ac6bf77eb594"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Spin It My Friend</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77d0fb310465fe3d60ac750387e413be8c096ef4dd556f379e" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2139_fett_rising_dd.jpg" alt="Fett Rising" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7763498926a8a78856c08f4cc0c5a26f9a9953f21a7cea5bf6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Fett Rising</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7799cfc46067132edb69516fe2fc47e6348723b587dd799c8b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d54_poison_ivy_3pack_panties.jpg" alt="Poison Ivy 3-Pack panties" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7795101a68cdc7fa354d34c44b00169ca419e57a4166e399ff"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Poison Ivy 3-Pack Panties</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7725e970024a74bbc749240e416155be944092c3361cd31aeb" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1d57_wonder_woman_3pack_panties.jpg" alt="Wonder Woman 3-Pack Panties" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778f2c5b4ede9f2869a39e0c19ee3eccb701630247fb38a67b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Wonder Woman 3-Pack Panties</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ec51183b32b38db7a53c99aabb3f351d272f6a040ee4f629" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2070_back_to_the_future_ladies_raglan_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Back to The Future Ladies' Raglan Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77997d04cb8a50fe4f66b00b69b8bcd0b50a6148ebaa755272"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Back to The Future Ladies' Raglan Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77bbfacde5e667b694e3f954a14e3f84f0c7b1fb1dae95fc01" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsoj_portal_scarf.jpg" alt="Portal Scarf" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7776321a6ecd96c6834a61ecde7f7d533c01b00e527870ceea"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Portal Scarf</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a85dbc3f1c7ee3d3c3fb145de23a71d01f6952341add61f2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dec_princess_leia_dress_mb.jpg" alt="Princess Leia Dress" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77136e12ae1fc54669631713b97ec81ccf5793f16c6c5772ca"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Princess Leia Dress</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7747e93b7cab55e6f43fed2cb6a82f75366c28d908d3ddf42a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2161_dw_logo_ladies_long_sleeve.jpg" alt="Doctor Who Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778060ece4bc6b0cc42678dde5891255f13dc0feacb6c53223"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Doctor Who Logo Ladies' Long Sleeve Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f770347dfcae1108861303aea935b383ab35b7e0c36000375a2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cb6_batman_flipeez_kids_hat.gif" alt="Batman Flipeez Kids' Hat" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77d896bcd8028d2d9950e1375302e7271785c6044ee3fa4cdd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Flipeez Kids' Hat</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ba1e7c3e6fe24df3003d7e72954fa4192bada72362f86f02" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1cb7_tmnt_flipeez_kids_hat.gif" alt="TMNT Flipeez Kids' Hat" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779aeb51ff5b4bd2fddfb9ec8e0da8e915850090ee29258760"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>TMNT Flipeez Kids' Hat</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773f9e23182cf99ee4a702a5c6025f03a87cbfabdfd7f02697" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2027_the_avengers_chibi_team_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="The Avengers Chibi Team Fitted Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77dba0bab78bb87cbb0df42f1477111d9e1976d04eba1ba444"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Avengers Chibi Team Fitted Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7715df4a65af5dec3e269b327ffff81c7c573d14f6246cfc00" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/2028_chibi_captain_america_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Chibi Captain America Fitted Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77966ffc27f370e7e7a8edd0a356ee5d456fe45cd0253aafbc"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Chibi Captain America Fitted Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77123c5d150c76dcad1736f1e9c03d6791176fbd1d980da619" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqh_ren_and_stimpy_neon_lines_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Ren and Stimpy Neon Lines Fitted Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778de984de5ae900989ac5c9fb1e2640facb5aa45a00ce745d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Ren and Stimpy Neon Lines Fitted Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a6e5205149bb09dc5628ff0cfeeff98fbc96c5701c519f10" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrqi_catdog_fitted_ladies_tee_dd.jpg" alt="CatDog Fitted Ladies' Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7749700aea48512bebcaf911b661c29af62c98533f1b11feb9"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>CatDog Fitted Ladies' Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e317e325fda33108c7ab991ceb499e6b30053075a49ab54f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f67_sw_logos_infinity_scarf.jpg" alt="Exclusive Star Wars Symbols Infinity Scarf" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77defa5b0899f91c9bdd78e15125affe3d6e078dd3adcecdcd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Star Wars Symbols Infinity Scarf</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7742f09fadd60dbe8c46eef28d253336704d252f7df7343267" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgg_exclusive_classic_blue_beetle_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Classic Blue Beetle" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b6c95ca38b0e080d089fbfd42409cb36e82cab96670e9ce2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Classic Blue Beetle</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773025a0ff93b95c280b3526e0f5965f1da3b9f0474c9e455c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsgi_exclusive_classic_booster_gold_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Classic Booster Gold" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779a1ea091ad71718a36d0769505b92e9db33ea15314a08930"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Classic Booster Gold</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7705a0e2733447ed2ac1e7f469573e9d99703be978ad36fa3f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/211e_normandy_sublimation_tee_dd.jpg" alt="Normandy Sublimation Tee" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f777c86d4082a499174b3d29108fdfff1e494a317d158c1ccc7"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Normandy Sublimation Tee</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f770a5e94bde0b2ff7a7382b405b0431fddc59fb28fdc1b87c5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrvv_exclusive_harleys_motorcycles_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Harley's Motorcycles" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775b5f131f5c03aa73a7c0dc0fff192dc4e70c1651ad059e77"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Harley's Motorcycles</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c1125bcdce86f0fd7c5b8f6aeb9d0b13de4b047a26513c0f" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsi_amity_island_dd.jpg" alt="Visit Amity Island" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773ee5a95db9eace5717edd1ecaa10e81ea75323e583e3add2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Visit Amity Island</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7773696245f5337f31b402d335b330bcd4fae08b40ea99ba40" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrsj_pity_the_fool_dd.jpg" alt="Pity The Fool" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7794aa7c5e651a96d01e7e7b929f48b5b060c42508d7c45e56"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Pity The Fool</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77d852a6838983fc7f15ac0ce17d2513fb92666025a179a6e0" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrrv_tmnt_villians_dd.jpg" alt="TMNT Villians" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778b7fcbadd9ebb8e5f4247f5cbe8506cd5830f0662a5885b1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>TMNT Villians</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77621f7d71e8bede9962a66ba3c82ddb07b7b64c88d89aaebc" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hshm_exclusive_autobot_gearbot_logo_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Autobot Gearbot Logo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778bc8595c6874c0f84c0290fd1387e9dd4647dbe5de41e432"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Autobot Gearbot Logo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77a83173fec4d40c0a707b1e44ac8cec29540506feeb55b549" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsho_exclusive_decepticons_gearbot_logo_dd.jpg" alt="Exclusive Decepticon Gearbot Logo" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771b2ff4c8738e70bcae987c8d9ec04bc744742b83d730220e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Exclusive Decepticon Gearbot Logo</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77d089b7e6f29bb5ab6880f1fc70945514532e8a5a6e1a011a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f34_spiderman_ladies_hooded_tank_top.jpg" alt="Spider-Man Ladies' Hooded Tank Top" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ddd89d627772e5d122179360c5c86a13b627e88e8b3bb2f2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Spider-Man Ladies' Hooded Tank Top</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f4786efd50773b51b42b20d22650488836acbe619afa0bb8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hstp_sev_tec_hat.gif" alt="SCOTTeVEST Tec Hat" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f772bb29d5d84074d480021cbc8df596eb37272fc490e483eab"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>SCOTTeVEST Tec Hat</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
			
		<!-- QUICK BLURBS -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Quick Blurbs!</h3>

			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7723e2ee74f9958b6f429de8b96db65a350ee31a1692a2fd6b" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f5f_teabones_tea_infuser.jpg" alt="T-Bones Tea Infuser" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7783bc008952a51889df7928030fb9f54faec53531a6456233"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>T-Bones Tea Infuser</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f50f48e549ea9f29452facb7751638aa382f125e76ec0645" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsth_skeleton_dangle_earrings.jpg" alt="Skeleton Dangle Earrings" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771108ea842fe65df3608a826c2dc5a917ed42c2624cf5ff88"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Skeleton Dangle Earrings</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7736ece3b05d4b2067c08fe81b98e1ce84243b82f43f3fc044" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f9f_mlp_series2_blind_box.jpg" alt="My Little Pony Series 2 Blind Box" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7704056d3875cfd0b267db940290092035b4ea381a8e504631"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>My Little Pony Series 2 Blind Box</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c4e8730745e934b9fe22ef87249dbf51c9430662f542dea8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/214d_star_trek_mimobot_thumb_drives.jpg " alt="Star Trek Mimobot Thumb Drives" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f777a17a930616e782d56b178803fe99f51f90e94703cef4baa"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Mimobot Thumb Drives</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771109a8319a0297c91d2a76fea03c8c16825c29d4a01fbaec" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/156a_walking_dead_grimes_badge_replica.jpg" alt="The Walking Dead Sheriff Grimes Badge Prop Replica" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e5bd0437a44746b6e1e1254e2eb5e5cd74326330c433ce7a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>The Walking Dead Sheriff Grimes Badge Prop Replica</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7745b137b4d25bd82153ced65cd35c8ba5e8417da06558ddff" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hths_dota2_rubick_plush.jpg" alt="Dota 2 8" Rubick Plush" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b7f6907950d9701b9bb2c6bfd536c7dc773607d446ab82f2"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Dota 2 8" Rubick Plush</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774fcbcc984901770017988a1c4da050d4afa5140c710a81b9" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ec3_batman_death_family_book_mask.jpg " alt="Batman Death of the Family Book and Mask Set" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7715df39f3b2fa8c32c3b3e1a45350399d5de14080e947c2bd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Batman Death of the Family Book and Mask Set</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e09c167a4393298d3f22d3d255abf6fe20af49bfa6fb32a1" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsrn_scalzi_lock_in.jpg " alt="John Scalzi's Lock In Autographed Edition Limited to 300" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f776ac3a71a72b52d0acf28c688cbaae4dda8e43ac27ab8ed91"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>John Scalzi's Lock In Autographed Edition Limited to 300</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f777671a65d0bcfadca0d9989dd2240c0847e80a87db8e57711" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsnj_sonic_brick_sets.jpg" alt="Sonic Pixel Bricks" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7711332388e1dff452c0c6e4558f6e9a210630c98ceeed91ed"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sonic Pixel Bricks</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77bd110bd54761d2a56275e6439111a6475a3b2318a0e84291" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1c89_bioshock_infinite_7in_book_fig.jpg " alt="Bioshock Infinite 7" Booker Figure" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7796986efd008f98cc556a02d6913b72d669788aafd16274bd"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Bioshock Infinite 7" Booker Figure</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c25ab66ff3c8477fafc063ae6e1bf74767d97121f22a8ac5" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1f5a_captain_america_shield_necklace.jpg" alt="Captain America Shield Necklace" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7787f077ef7bdcecacdbd7e7875df92d7f71acebf6ef31e7e4"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Captain America Shield Necklace</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77edd1b149f276b2c13853089379ba435a18ad38eb0df4708c" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1dad_captain_america_16oz_molded_mug.jpg" alt="Captain America 16oz Molded Mug" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c892595b045e7eca2586b813c140e29f6e37a8e42d7bec05"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Captain America 16oz Molded Mug</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7723d74869ca816621cfecc7a17312e3f1e8c09a2d9bd041e2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1ebc_got_dothraki_living_language.jpg " alt="Game of Thrones Dothraki Living Language" width="" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77067ccd1047e34798d6d16a23e67fc636ea2dd1c48758b97d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Game of Thrones Dothraki Living Language</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77443c4be425db7c4ca2878bd226d86a5749e69837643b6ed7" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hrns_star_trek_card_holder.jpg" alt="Star Trek Retro Tech Card Holder" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e42d78c1f1bae8c6918322c3f8166f0dea0558662205304b"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Retro Tech Card Holder</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7762f408a0f32a610fe4047e5d0fcbf466819e875986a8499a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hroj_st_uniform_coin_purses.jpg" alt="Star Trek Uniform Coin Purses" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7749b10812bb85b33486838706048469de727a0dbf6bbba9df"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Trek Uniform Coin Purses</b></a></p>
					</li>
			</ul>
	
		<!-- SALE -->
		
			<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; padding: 25px 0px 15px 15px; margin: 0px; border-top: 10px solid #384245; clear: both;">Shinies on Sale!</h3>
		
			<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px 10px 0px 10px; margin: 0px;">
								<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771df46f3f978f8a2399006fd172b29887ea9df751f48e6546" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hskq_marvel_auto_coasters.jpg" alt="Marvel Auto Coaster Set - 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77543983a36be4466442570f25e40ffb1aed2200ccf7521732"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Marvel Auto Coaster Set - 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7766e1a9863b76d9b90c85608aebb888a56dc6cdc6bd71fb11" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f29f_plush_unicorn_bouquet.jpg" alt="Plush Unicorn Bouquet - 40% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c4115a7391a6bebf0f30cab4e46086106bd38f1c9240720e"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Plush Unicorn Bouquet - 40% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77f7e2c1bf68956a6710cfa187979e0bc74744408eafd8cb2d" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/hsms_diy_solar_system_box.jpg" alt="DIY Solar System - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77104dac22c7e44c2465ae9b1e077a2d319f3fa6a00793ef1a"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>DIY Solar System - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7737c339923f845ce0d88f49befda3c616c7fde0e588dbf964" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/led-binclock.jpg" alt="LED Binary Clock - up to 33% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77cac29cff983605874be12e5c57d9f4ab77c73e8d2bbbae0d"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>LED Binary Clock - up to 33% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b53439e87f16d6b1f462bb8272776735903dcfc01528b10a" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1674_sound_splash_bluetooth_waterproof_shower_speaker.jpg" alt="Sound Splash Bluetooth Waterproof Shower Speaker - 30% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77fab3b03e654fccb26ed1e9530af734759f2ecc74970397fb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Sound Splash Bluetooth Waterproof Shower Speaker - 30% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f770f85570373401ee68a92ea1b1eb400c6a945e6750236eea8" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/1518_star_wars_icon_backpacks.jpg" alt="Star Wars Icon Backpacks - up to 20% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77018d128ab61d0808c5b70eb89b090f2dce0bdac961892aaa"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Star Wars Icon Backpacks - up to 20% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7772a68bb01694427e369693293b234e94a679c45787dc0960" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/169a_nbx_watch.jpg" alt="Nightmare Before Christmas Ceramic Watch - 33% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7703190d59744f5411c83113c91a3f64bf7d0bf6735d2b71f1"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Nightmare Before Christmas Ceramic Watch - 33% off</b></a></p>
					</li>					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7743418640ca3b55f4744e7d97a2a033e3bf67f3ea8a9f4740" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f03e_plan_b_evac_sling_pack.jpg" alt="Plan- B Evac Sling Pack - 14% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ccebf90342f767e79bcaeab566dbe70250d16c8e462c1abb"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Plan- B Evac Sling Pack - 14% off</b></a></p>
					</li>	
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778124e800d6e7cbea690d34729f8cdc15d1d91cfb26fa4068" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/eea7_minecraft_redstone_ore_night_light.gif" alt="Minecraft Light-Up Redstone Ore - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f776cb794909e76df25ece338189164ce102a1280c9970503e5"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft Light-Up Redstone Ore - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ed22b4d89a4717a65581ad3a9b647f0dcbd1fe69f9d54661" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/f48c_minecraft_diamond_sword.jpg" alt="Minecraft Foam Diamond Sword - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771b92d23351a151dbb77575d74533b5806c6285760644d440"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft Foam Diamond Sword - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7786f9d709a0a48ccf628ab5ba7159dd10a6475e37cfdaed64" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/ee3d_minecraft_wall_torch_inhand.jpg" alt="Minecraft Light-Up Torch  - 28% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f771a0ef7e2373d2a2d4fbe8dfe7385fe3927df6a40a6b25ae6"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft Light-Up Torch  - 28% off</b></a></p>
					</li>
					<li style="width: 130px; height: 230px; text-align: center; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 5px; display: inline;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7719706befdb5423367615b6dad36e4ab78d50a7c3ed127ba2" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/thumb/largesquare/e847_minecraft_pickaxe.jpg" alt="Minecraft Foam Pickaxe - 25% off" width="125" border="0" style="margin-bottom:10px;"></a><br />
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7713c4edb2e272c1e846aff1f9c9fcb62a33a2d388a781cf26"  style="color: #134b65;"><b>Minecraft Foam Pickaxe - 25% off</b></a></p>
					</li>
							</ul>
	
		<!-- PRIZE WINNER STUFF -->
			
			<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="clear: both;">
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #526873; border-top: 10px solid #384245; padding: 20px 15px 10px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 275px; float: right; margin: 0px; padding-left: 20px;" class="actionshot"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77bef0a00cd3a06f2d60527e2a5617c4be23b3e2793f395cf5" style="color: #134b65;" ><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-07-action.jpg" 
					 width="275" border="0" alt="Fire Flower FTW!" title="Fire Flower FTW!" /><p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 15px; color: #134b65;"><i>Fire Flower FTW!</i></p></a></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin: 0px;">Action Shot Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773c586b0b516a644d12ef3b44960cbe4539981dc76a805d2b" style="color: #134b65;" >Get the scoop on sending your own ThinkGeek product action shots</a> and a chance at our $100 monthly giveaway!</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 15px 20px 15px;">
					<div style="width: 260px; background-color: #eaf5e2; padding: 5px 8px 8px 8px; float: right; margin: 0px 0px 10px 0px;" class="haiku"><p style="font: 16px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 30px; color: #09385d; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;"><b><span style="color: #000000;">"Deception"</span><br />The world's greatest lie<br />

with the click of a button:<br />

"I have read these terms"</b></p></div>
					<h3 style="font: 20px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #000000 !important; margin-top: 0px;">Techie Haiku Winner</h3>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">The latest ThinkGeek Techie Haiku Winner is <strong>Joshua from Collinsville, IL!</strong></p>
					<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7757d2909909a5ccc2962de43dbc32a44634e0331b4a0e7ba0" style="color: #134b65;" >Send us your original haiku</a> and we'll select one winner and print it right here on the next ThinkGeek newsletter installment for all to see, plus we'll send you a $50 ThinkGeek gift certificate. Get creative! <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7757d2909909a5ccc2962de43dbc32a44634e0331b4a0e7ba0" style="color: #134b65;" >More details and rules here.</a></p>
					</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 0px; text-align: center;">
					<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f777e1e54060184868c42d6c7e351ffdfa12ba1a81e5e8f0404" ><img
src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/14-11-05-giftcenterbanner.jpg" width="600" height="75" border="0" title="Holiday Gift Center" alt="Holiday Gift Center" class="giftstationheader" /></a>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 15px 15px 15px; margin: 0px auto; background-color: #eaf5e2;">
				<table style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">
					<tr>
						<td>
						<ul style="list-style-type: none; padding: 0px; margin: 0px;">
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Looking for Gifts?</b></span><b><br />Browse by category:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-bottom: 3px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773cc8fbb050dd0154b3d31f6bc6ae3d3e0e6b0ae481ad2ab6" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Bestsellers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7763f59afe000453f749a6929c44c712fac78869f5a2c4ec44" style="color: #134b65;" >Only @ ThinkGeek</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e75eb89e67655ed001ae699b59625aea03b5f3a47f82596a" style="color: #134b65;" >Stocking Stuffers</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774dc5b3b457003c7bbfa4b4f6c89aded54194ac7e1669891a" style="color: #134b65;" >Holiday Decor</a><br />
						
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f774cd6bcc74fe24eae82e17501e78550837313223232248fbd" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Him</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7736111a523ac4fcd5fdcc0fe971cce2e988cb91be09784f75" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Her</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77069594043bba7ebd506d9ec640e10a8761573a48227d8a21" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts for Kids</a>
						</p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; border-top: 1px solid #aaaaaa; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 3px; padding-top: 5px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77d15705108aca71f3b20233f03ddb155be7087758a41912b9" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $10</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e01b284c700c87b457544204b050551adfe63b4d2dac3f53" style="color: #134b65;" >Gifts under $20</a><br />
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Need help?</b></span><br /><b>Monkeys are standing by 24/7:</b></p>
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000;">
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77227f39bb23556924fe7aa646ba4346fb4b7844e92e4ad94c" style="color: #134b65;" >Customer Service</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f775c7a5c4291fba821e2526f69b20a769daeb4d99ee281c9ab" style="color: #134b65;" >Returns</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7752fc635211503100b73b58b28cc5f04335172cf662a59024" style="color: #134b65;" >Shipping Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77dc190afc264e56f73f9dbda79ac155df1429e6c863c952f4" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Information</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773182513a89c7c5e9bef0d0f313552ee1774e900b9be09518" style="color: #134b65;" >Gift Certificates</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f773a76d96d20a54ebbc70513416aa6c575135c6c4b42fcb2d8" style="color: #134b65;" >Wish Lists</a>
						</p>
						</li>
						<li style="width: 165px; height: 230px; float: left; margin: 0px; padding: 0px 10px 10px 10px;" class="giftstation">
						<p style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 19px; color: #000000; margin-top: 0px;"><span style="font-size: 15px; color: #96141a;"><b>Find us on:</b></span><br /><b>If you need us, we're here!</b><br /><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7713573ed8e7f10aefdcaa764f00e0c86b622d585986573398" style="color: #134b65;"  >Facebook</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77daff749a55640e0655dce28e4237ef6a394a528e6c9f5233" style="color: #134b65;" >Twitter</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77e1b275d66cf6324dc997722300f7194de66a4c203d1cfb3c" style="color: #134b65;" >Google+</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b15cede8c330eb24f93cf26983b2f7e4457e76a0c0319e2c" style="color: #134b65;" >Pinterest</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7717c15f85e9d32b7e1bfd3d5022391d7279c37162bef7194e" style="color: #134b65;" >Instagram</a><br />
						<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77036e7c2ca48f7b7d3f7d8d644b60ac3f1fff4e49b3de96fb" style="color: #134b65;"  >YouTube</a></p>
						</li>
						</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>									
				</td>			
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="border-bottom: 1px solid #aaaaaa; padding: 20px 10px 10px 10px; text-align: center; background-color: #eff1f3;">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px; text-align: center;">QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">
						&#8226; Unsubscribe or change preferences: <strong><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77b4ef0f35f57c198bf47b5738ccf0e1566f2a21e55c785143"  style="color: #134b65;">update profile</a></strong><br />
						&#8226; Returns or order info: email <strong><a href="mailto:help@thinkgeek.com" style="color: #134b65;">help@thinkgeek.com</a></strong><br />

						&#8226; Ideas/comments: reply to this email</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000; text-align: center;">Or feel free to call us at 1-888-GEEK-STUFF.</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td style="padding: 20px 75px 30px 75px; background-color: #eff1f3; text-align: center;" class="privacy">
					<h3 style="font: 13px Helvetica, sans-serif; font-weight: bold; color: #7cc04b !important; margin: 0px;">PRIVACY POLICY</h3>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">Please see our <a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f778d6a339e469bfe69bab37d26d4ac3229962b09a8241479d4" style="color: #134b65;" ><strong>Privacy Statement</strong></a> for details on how we treat your personal information.</p>
					<p style="font: 12px Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 16px; color: #000000;">This email was sent by: ThinkGeek, Inc., 11216 Waples Mill Rd, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030 United States</p>
				</td>
			</tr>
			</table>

		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

		<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 100px;">
<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f779b532434192938307b4cd5872e60a425883ae333a2c17d30"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/facebook.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Fan ThinkGeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f776067ac6d0a47c636c96c7b3999e74cf2a5bad5c8f8d9b2b1"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/google-plus.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Circle ThinkGeek" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7745bd41b2c2e307abb9a30de6f37eecd64bc7e3444dbcbe02"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/twitter.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="Follow @thinkgeek" style="margin: 15px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f7740083a052d5461f57b95dac878777b8b5dd64ab820031208"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/pinterest.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's pins" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77ef25433a1435b6010f0cb3b3e438a5b8aa6e268fb4f4478c"><img src="http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/other/edm/instagram.png" width="45" height="45" border="0" alt="ThinkGeek's Instagram" style="margin: 10px 5px 0px 0px;" /></a>
		<p style="font: 13px Lato, Helvetica, sans-serif; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://click.email.thinkgeek.com/?qs=eb1636bf64916f77c6972b878298df2cf03f27216c0d7c8bf2942ae43253bb7f" style="color: #ffffff;" class="hide" >ThinkGeek</a></p>
	</div>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</div>

</body>
</html>

--p7RpkXgHx8qe=_?:--

